The film follows the adventures of a group of friends through the eyes of Charles, a good-natured but socially awkward man living in London, who becomes smitten with Carrie, an American whom Charles keeps meeting at four weddings and a funeral.
The first wedding is that of Angus and Laura, at which Charles is the best man.
Charles and his single friends wonder whether they will ever get married.
Charles meets Carrie and spends the night with her.
Carrie pretends that, now they have slept together, they will have to get married, to which Charles endeavours to respond before realising she is joking.
Carrie observes that they may have missed an opportunity and then returns to America.
The second wedding is that of Bernard and Lydia, a couple who became romantically involved at the previous wedding.
Charles encounters Carrie again, but she introduces him to her fiancé, Sir Hamish Banks, a wealthy politician.
At the reception, Charles finds himself seated with several ex-girlfriends who relate embarrassing stories about his inability to be discreet and afterwards bumps into Henrietta, known among Charles' friends as "Duckface", with whom he had a particularly difficult relationship.
Charles retreats to an empty hotel suite, seeing Carrie and Hamish leave in a taxicab, only to be trapped in a cupboard after the newlyweds stumble into the room to have sex.
After Charles awkwardly exits the room, Henrietta confronts him about his habit of "serial monogamy", telling him he is afraid of letting anyone get too close to him.
Charles then runs into Carrie, and they end up spending another night together.
A month later, Charles receives an invitation to Carrie's wedding.
While shopping for a present, he coincidentally encounters Carrie and ends up helping her select her wedding dress.
Carrie lists her more than thirty sexual partners.
Charles later awkwardly tries confessing his love to her and hinting that he would like to have a relationship with her, to no avail.
The third wedding is that of Carrie and Hamish.
Charles attends, depressed at the prospect of Carrie marrying Hamish.
At the reception, Gareth instructs his friends to seek potential mates; Fiona's brother, Tom, stumbles through an attempt to connect with a woman until she reveals that she is the minister's wife, while Charles's flatmate, Scarlett, strikes up a conversation with an American named Chester.
As Charles watches Carrie and Hamish dance, Fiona deduces his feelings about Carrie.
When Charles asks why Fiona is not married, she confesses that she has loved Charles since they first met years earlier.
Charles is appreciative and empathetic but does not requite her love.
During the groom's toast, Gareth dies of a heart attack.
At Gareth's funeral, his partner Matthew recites the poem "Funeral Blues" by Auden, commemorating his relationship with Gareth.
Charles and Tom discuss whether hoping to find your "one true love" is just a futile effort and ponder that, while their clique have always viewed themselves as proud to be single, Gareth and Matthew were a "married" couple all the while.
The fourth wedding is ten months later.
Charles has decided to marry Henrietta.
However, shortly before the ceremony, Carrie arrives, revealing to Charles that she and Hamish are separated.
Charles has a crisis of confidence, which he reveals to his deaf brother David and Matthew.
When the vicar asks whether anyone knows a reason why the couple should not marry, David, who was reading the vicar's lips, asks Charles to translate for him, and says in sign language that he suspects the groom loves someone else.
The vicar asks whether Charles does love someone else, and Charles replies, "I do".
Henrietta punches Charles and the wedding is halted.
Carrie visits Charles to apologise for attending the wedding.
Charles confesses that, while standing at the altar, he realised that for the first time in his life he totally and utterly loved one person, "and it wasn't the person standing next to me in the veil".
Charles makes a proposal of lifelong commitment without marriage to Carrie, who accepts.
Henrietta marries an officer in the Grenadier Guards; David marries his girlfriend Serena; Scarlett marries Chester; Tom marries his distant cousin Deirdre (whom he met, for the second time in 25 years, at Charles's wedding); Matthew finds a new partner; Fiona marries Prince Charles; and Charles and Carrie have a young son.
Harold Chasen (Bud Cort) is a young man obsessed with death.
He stages elaborate fake suicides, attends funerals and drives a hearse, all to the chagrin of his socialite mother (Vivian Pickles).
At another stranger's funeral service, Harold meets Maude (Ruth Gordon), a 79-year-old woman who shares Harold's hobby of attending funerals.
He is entranced by her quirky outlook on life, which is bright and excessively carefree in contrast with his morbidity.
The pair form a bond and Maude slowly shows Harold the pleasures of art and music (including how to play banjo), and teaches him how to "[make] the most of his time on earth".
Meanwhile, Harold's mother is determined, against Harold's wishes, to find him a wife.
One by one, Harold frightens and horrifies each of his appointed dates, by appearing to commit gruesome acts such as self-immolation, self-mutilation and seppuku.
As they become closer, their friendship soon blossoms into a romance and Harold announces that he will marry Maude, resulting in disgusted outbursts from his family, psychiatrist, and priest.
Maude's 80th birthday arrives and Harold throws a surprise party for her.
As the couple dance, Maude tells Harold that she "couldn't imagine a lovelier farewell".
Confused, he questions Maude as to her meaning and she reveals that she has taken an overdose of sleeping pills and will be dead by morning.
She restates her firm belief that eighty is the proper age to die.
Harold rushes Maude to the hospital, where she is treated unsuccessfully and dies.
In the final sequence, Harold's car is seen going off a seaside cliff but after the crash, the final shot reveals Harold standing calmly atop the cliff, holding his banjo.
After gazing down at the wreckage, he dances away, picking out on his banjo Cat Stevens' "If You Want to Sing Out, Sing Out".
ainy night in Edwardian London, opera patrons are waiting under the arches of Covent Garden for cabs.
Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney flower girl, runs into a young man called Freddy.
She admonishes him for spilling her bunches of violets in the mud, but she cheers up after selling one to an older gentleman.
She then flies into an angry outburst when a man copying down her speech is pointed out to her.
The man explains that he studies phonetics and can identify anyone's origin by their accent.
He laments Eliza's dreadful speech, asking why so many English people don't speak properly and explaining his theory that this is what truly separates social classes, rather than looks or money ("Why Can't the English.
").
He declares that in six months he could turn Eliza into a lady by teaching her to speak properly.
The older gentleman introduces himself as Colonel Pickering, a linguist who has studied Indian dialects.
The phoneticist introduces himself as Henry Higgins, and, as they both have always wanted to meet each other, Higgins invites Pickering to stay at his home in London.
He distractedly throws his change into Eliza's basket, and she and her friends wonder what it would be like to live a comfortable, proper life ("Wouldn't It Be Loverly.
").
Plot.
Eliza's father, Alfred Doolittle, and his drinking companions, Harry and Jamie, all dustmen, stop by the next morning.
He is searching for money for a drink, and Eliza shares her profits with him ("With a Little Bit of Luck").
Pickering and Higgins are discussing vowels at Higgins's home when mrs Pearce, the housekeeper, informs Higgins that a young woman with a ghastly accent has come to see him.
It is Eliza, who has come to take speech lessons so she can get a job as an assistant in a florist's shop.
Pickering wagers that Higgins cannot make good on his claim and volunteers to pay for Eliza's lessons.
An intensive makeover of Eliza's speech, manners and dress begins in preparation for her appearance at the Embassy Ball.
Higgins sees himself as a kindhearted, patient man who cannot get along with women ("I'm an Ordinary Man").
To others he appears self-absorbed and misogynistic.
Alfred Doolittle is informed that his daughter has been taken in by Professor Higgins, and considers that he might be able to make a little money from the situation ("With a Little Bit of Luck" [Reprise]).
Doolittle arrives at Higgins's house the next morning, claiming that Higgins is compromising Eliza's virtue.
Higgins is impressed by the man's natural gift for language and brazen lack of moral values.
He and Doolittle agree that Eliza can continue to take lessons and live at Higgins's house if Higgins gives Doolittle five pounds for a spree.
Higgins flippantly recommends Doolittle to an American millionaire who has written to Higgins seeking a lecturer on moral values.
Meanwhile, Eliza endures speech tutoring, endlessly repeating phrases like "In Hertford, Hereford and Hampshire, hurricanes hardly ever happen” (initially, the only "h" she aspirates is in "hever") and "The rain in Spain stays mainly in the plain" (to practice the "long a" phoneme).
Frustrated, she dreams of different ways to kill Higgins, from sickness to drowning to a firing squad ("Just You Wait").
The servants lament the hard "work" Higgins does ("The Servants' Chorus").
Just as they give up, Eliza suddenly recites "The rain in Spain stays mainly in the plain" in perfect upper-class style.
Higgins, Eliza, and Pickering happily dance around Higgins's study ("The Rain in Spain").
Thereafter she speaks with impeccable received pronunciation.
mrs Pearce, the housekeeper, insists that Eliza go to bed; she declares she is too excited to sleep ("I Could Have Danced All Night").
For her first public tryout, Higgins takes Eliza to his mother's box at Ascot Racecourse ("Ascot Gavotte").
Henry's mother reluctantly agrees to help Eliza make conversation, following Henry's advice that Eliza should stick to two subjects: the weather and everybody's health.
Eliza makes a good impression at first with her polite manners but later shocks everyone with her vulgar Cockney attitudes and slang.
She does, however, capture the heart of Freddy Eynsford-Hill, the young man she ran into in the opening scene.
Freddy calls on Eliza that evening, but she refuses to see him.
He declares that he will wait for her as long as necessary in the street outside Higgins's house ("On the Street Where You Live").
Eliza's final test requires her to pass as a lady at the Embassy Ball, and after weeks of preparation, she is ready.
All the ladies and gentlemen at the ball admire her, and the Queen of Transylvania invites her to dance with her son, the prince ("Embassy Waltz").
Eliza then dances with Higgins.
A rival and former student of Higgins, a Hungarian phonetician named Zoltan Karpathy, is employed by the hostess to discover Eliza's origins through her speech.
Though Pickering and his mother caution him not to, Higgins allows Karpathy to dance with Eliza.
The event is revealed to have been a success, with Zoltan Karpathy having concluded that Eliza is "not only Hungarian, but of royal blood.
She is a princess.
" After the ball, Pickering flatters Higgins on his triumph, and Higgins expresses his pleasure that the experiment is now over ("You Did It").
The episode leaves Eliza feeling used and abandoned.
Higgins completely ignores Eliza until he mislays his slippers.
He asks her where they are, and she lashes out at him, leaving the clueless professor mystified by her ingratitude.
When Eliza decides to leave Higgins, he insults her in frustration and storms off.
Eliza cries as she prepares to leave ("Just You Wait" [Reprise]).
She finds Freddy still waiting outside ("On the Street Where You Live" [Reprise]).
He begins to tell her how much he loves her, but she cuts him off, telling him that she has heard enough words; if he really loves her, he should show it ("Show Me").
She and Freddy return to Covent Garden, where her friends do not recognize her with her newly refined bearing ("The Flower Market/Wouldn't It Be Loverly.
" [Reprise]).
By chance, her father is there as well, dressed in a fine suit.
He explains that he received a surprise bequest of four thousand pounds a year from the American millionaire, which has raised him to middle-class respectability, and now must marry Eliza's "stepmother", the woman he has been living with for many years.
Eliza sees that she no longer belongs in Covent Garden, and she and Freddy depart.
Doolittle and his friends have one last spree before the wedding ("Get Me to the Church on Time").
Higgins awakens the next morning to find that, without Eliza, he has tea instead of coffee, and cannot find his own files.
He wonders why she left after the triumph at the ball and concludes that men (especially himself) are far superior to women ("A Hymn to Him").
Pickering, becoming annoyed with Higgins, leaves to stay with his friend at the Home Office.
Higgins seeks his mother's advice and finds Eliza having tea with her.
Higgins's mother leaves Higgins and Eliza together.
Eliza explains that Higgins has always treated her as a flower girl, but she learned to be a lady because Pickering treated her as one.
Higgins claims he treated her the same way that Pickering did because both Higgins and Pickering treat all women alike.
Eliza accuses him of wanting her only to fetch and carry for him, saying that she will marry Freddy because he loves her.
She declares she no longer needs Higgins, saying she was foolish to think she did ("Without You").
Higgins is struck by Eliza's spirit and independence and wants her to stay with him, but she tells him that he will not see her again.
As Higgins walks home, he realizes he's grown attached to Eliza ("I've Grown Accustomed to Her Face").
He cannot bring himself to confess that he loves her, and insists to himself that if she marries Freddy and then comes back to him, he will not accept her.
But he finds it difficult to imagine being alone again.
He reviews the recording he made of the morning Eliza first came to him for lessons.
He hears his own harsh words: "She's so deliciously low.
So horribly dirty.
" Then the phonograph turns off, and a real voice speaks in a Cockney accent: "I washed me face an' 'ands before I come, I did".
It is Eliza, standing in the doorway, tentatively returning to him.
The musical ends on an ambiguous moment of possible reconciliation between teacher and pupil, as Higgins slouches and asks, "Eliza, where the devil are my slippers.
".
The novel opens with Mrs Bennet trying to persuade Mr Bennet to visit an eligible bachelor, Mr Bingley, who has arrived in the neighborhood.
After some verbal sparring with Mr Bennet baiting his wife, it transpires that this visit has taken place at Netherfield (Mr Bingley's rented house).
The visit is followed by an invitation to a ball at the local assembly rooms that the whole neighborhood will attend.
At the ball, Mr Bingley is open and cheerful, popular with all the guests, and appears to be very attracted to the beautiful Miss Bennet.
His friend, Mr Darcy, is reputed to be twice as wealthy; however, he is haughty and aloof.
He declines to dance with Elizabeth suggesting that she is not pretty enough to tempt him.
She finds this amusing and jokes about the statement with her friends.
Miss Jane Bennet also attracts the attention of Mr Bingley's sister Caroline, who invites her to visit.
Jane visits Miss Bingley and is caught in a rain shower on the way, catching a serious cold.
Elizabeth, out of genuine concern for her sister's well being, visits her sister there.
This is the point at which Darcy begins to see the attraction of Elizabeth, and Miss Bingley is shown to be jealous of Elizabeth since she wants to marry Darcy herself.
Mr Collins, a cousin of Mr Bennet and heir to the Longbourn estate, visits the Bennet family.
He is a pompous and obsequious clergyman because he expects each of the Bennet girls to wish to marry him due to his inheritance.
He plans to propose to Elizabeth over Jane as he is led to believe Jane is taken.
Elizabeth and her family meet the dashing and charming Mr Wickham who singles out Elizabeth and tells her a story of the hardship that Mr Darcy has caused him by depriving him of a living (position as clergyman in a prosperous parish with good revenue that once granted, is for life) promised to him by Mr Darcy's late father.
Elizabeth's dislike of Mr Darcy is confirmed.
At a ball at which Mr Wickham is not present, Elizabeth dances with Mr Darcy rather against her will.
Other than Jane and Elizabeth, all the members of the Bennet family show their lack of decorum.
Mrs Bennet states loudly that she expects Jane and Bingley to become engaged and each member of the family exposes the whole to ridicule.
The following morning, Mr Collins proposes to Elizabeth.
She rejects him to the fury of her mother and the relief of her father.
They receive news that the Bingleys are leaving for London, and that Mr Collins has proposed to Charlotte Lucas, a sensible lady and Elizabeth's friend.
She is slightly older and is grateful to receive a proposal that will guarantee her a home.
Elizabeth is aghast at such pragmatism in matters of love.
Jane goes to visit her Aunt and Uncle Gardiner at an unfashionable address in London.
Miss Bingley clearly does not want to continue the friendship and Jane is upset though very composed.
In the spring, Elizabeth visits Charlotte and Mr Collins in Kent.
Elizabeth and her hosts are frequently invited to Rosings Park, the imposing home of Lady Catherine de Bourgh.
Lady Catherine is Mr Darcy's aunt and extremely wealthy.
She expects Mr Darcy to marry her daughter.
Mr Darcy and his cousin, Colonel FitzWilliam, visit Lady Catherine.
Colonel FitzWilliam tells Elizabeth how Mr Darcy managed to save a friend from a bad match by convincing the friend of the lady's indifference.
Elizabeth is horrified at Darcy's involvement in an affair which has caused her sister so much pain.
Mr Darcy, however, has fallen in love with Elizabeth and proposes to her.
She rejects him, stating that she could not love a man who has caused her sister such unhappiness, and accuses him of treating Mr Wickham unjustly.
Mr Darcy accuses her family of wanting propriety and suggests he has been kinder to Bingley than himself.
Both are furious and they part barely speaking.
The following morning, Mr Darcy gives Elizabeth a letter that explains that his treatment of Mr Wickham was caused by the fact that Mr Wickham refused the Living and was compensated economically, but then proceeded to waste all the money and then, impoverished, demanded the Living again with threats.
After being refused, he tried to elope with Darcy's 15-year-old sister Georgiana for her great dowry, as Colonel FitzWilliam could also attest.
He also claimed that he believed that Miss Bennet who, despite her amiability, is actually a bit reserved, did not love Mr Bingley.
Darcy apologises for hurting Jane and Elizabeth begins to rejudge Mr Darcy on a clearer basis.
Some months later, Elizabeth and her Aunt and Uncle Gardiner visit Darcy's estate in Derbyshire, Pemberley.
While there Elizabeth hears an account of him from the housekeeper as being kind and generous.
When Mr Darcy returns unexpectedly, he is overwhelmingly kind and civil and invites Elizabeth and the Gardiner's to meet his sister and go fishing.
Elizabeth is surprised and delighted by the kindness to herself and her aunt and uncle.
However, she suddenly has news from Longbourne that her sister Lydia had eloped with Mr Wickham.
She tells Mr Darcy immediately and departs in haste, believing she will never see him again as Lydia's disgrace would ruin the family's good name.
After an agonizing wait, Mr Wickham is persuaded to marry Lydia with only the payment of debts required.
With some degree of decency restored, Lydia visits Elizabeth and tells her that Mr Darcy was at the wedding.
Mrs Gardiner informs Elizabeth that it is Mr Darcy who has made the match and hints that he may have a motive for doing so.
At this point, Mr Bingley and Mr Darcy return to Netherfield.
Bingley proposes to Jane and is accepted, much to the delight of all.
Lady Catherine visits Elizabeth under the impression that she is going to marry Mr Darcy, Elizabeth refuses to deny this claim and Lady Catherine leaves outraged by her perceived insolence.
Darcy and Elizabeth go for a walk together and they become engaged.
Elizabeth then has to convince her father that she is not marrying for money, and it is only after she speaks about Mr Darcy's true worth that he is happy about the wedding.
In the 1960s Benjamin Braddock, aged twenty-one, has earned his bachelor's degree from Williams College and has returned home to a party celebrating his graduation at his parents' house in Pasadena, California.
Benjamin, visibly uncomfortable as his parents deliver accolades and neighborhood friends ask him about his future plans, evades those who try to congratulate him.
mrs Robinson, the neglected wife of his father's law partner, insists that he drive her home.
Benjamin is coerced inside to have a drink and mrs Robinson attempts to seduce him.
She invites him up to her daughter Elaine's room to see her portrait and then enters the room naked, making it clear that she is available to him.
Benjamin initially rebuffs her but a few days later after his scuba demonstration on his birthday, he clumsily organizes a tryst at the Taft hotel.
Benjamin spends the remainder of the summer drifting around in the pool by day, purposefully neglecting to select a graduate school, and seeing mrs Robinson at the hotel by night.
He discovers that he and mrs Robinson have nothing to talk about.
However, after Benjamin pesters her one evening, mrs Robinson reveals that she entered into a loveless marriage when she accidentally became pregnant with Elaine.
Both mr Robinson and Benjamin’s parents encourage him to call on Elaine although mrs Robinson makes her disapproval clear.
Benjamin takes Elaine on a date but tries to sabotage it by ignoring her, driving recklessly and taking her to a strip club.
After Elaine runs out of the strip club in tears Benjamin has a change of heart, realizes how rude he was to her, and discovers that Elaine is someone with whom he is comfortable.
In search of a late-night drink they visit the Taft hotel but when the staff greet Benjamin as "Mr.
Gladstone" (the name he uses during his rendezvous with mrs Robinson) Elaine correctly guesses that he has been having an affair with a married woman and accepts his assurances that the affair is now over.
To preempt a furious mrs Robinson, who threatens to tell Elaine her version of their affair, Benjamin tells Elaine that the married woman was her mother.
Elaine is distraught and returns to Berkeley.
Benjamin pursues her there and tries to talk to her.
She reveals that her mother's story is that he raped her while she was drunk, and refuses to believe that it was in fact mrs Robinson who seduced Benjamin.
After much discussion over several days, Benjamin begins to talk her around.
After discovering the affair mr Robinson arrives at Berkeley and confronts Benjamin at his rooming house, not knowing whether he can prosecute him but he thinks he can, and threatens to put him behind bars if he sees his daughter again.
mr Robinson then forces Elaine to drop out of college and takes her away to marry Carl, a classmate with whom she had briefly been involved.
Returning to Pasadena in search of Elaine, Benjamin breaks into the Robinson home but encounters mrs Robinson.
She tells him he will not be able to stop the wedding and then calls the police claiming that her house is being burgled.
Benjamin visits Carl’s fraternity brothers who tell him that the wedding is in Santa Barbara, California that very morning.
He rushes to the church and arrives just as Elaine is married.
He bangs on the glass at the back of the church and screams out "Elaine.
" repeatedly.
After a brief hesitation, Elaine screams out "Ben.
" and starts to run toward him.
A brawl ensues as guests try to stop Elaine and Benjamin from leaving together.
Elaine manages to break free from her mother, who then slaps her.
Benjamin manages to keep the guests at bay by using a large cross and jamming it into the doors of the church.
Both he and Elaine then run into the street to flag down a passing bus and take the back seat, elated at their victory.
As the bus drives away, they smile, then stop, looking uncertain.
After planning and coordinating another successful wedding ceremony, San Francisco wedding planner Mary (Jennifer Lopez) is re-introduced to childhood acquaintance Massimo (Justin Chambers) by her father (Alex Rocco) who wants the two of them to marry.
Mary, however, is not impressed and instead remains focused on her ambition to become a partner at the wedding company she works for.
As a way to persuade her boss, Geri (Kathy Najimy), to accept her as a partner, Mary pursues and is hired by catering heiress, Fran Donolly (Bridgette Wilson-Sampras) to plan her society wedding to long term boyfriend 'Eddie.
' While on the phone reporting her success Mary's shoe heel gets stuck in a manhole cover.
While she attempts to free herself a taxi collides with a dumpster and it comes hurtling towards her.
A man standing nearby rushes in and pulls her away just before the dumpster crashes.
Mary manages to thank the man before fainting.
She later wakes up in hospital and the man who saved her is revealed to be the local pediatrician, Steve Edison (Matthew McConaughey).
When Mary's friend and colleague Penny (Judy Greer) arrives she persuades Steve to attend an outdoor movie screening with them at the park, only to make up an excuse to leave the pair alone.
At the movie Mary and Steve dance but as they are about to kiss a heavy downpour forces them to run for cover.
A few days later Mary and Fran are at another of Mary’s weddings and Fran teases her for her dreamy look before Mary tells her about her movie date.
Later on Mary is attending a dance lesson with another of her clients.
Fran is also attending and introduces Mary to her fiancé 'Eddie' who turns out to be Steve.
When Fran leaves the pair to dance together Mary angrily rebukes him for leading her on and going behind Fran’s back.
Mary is left wondering whether she should continue to plan Fran and Steve's wedding, while Steve is left wondering whether his chemistry with Mary is a sign that he shouldn’t be marrying Fran.
Penny persuades Mary that her career is more important than whatever attraction she might have felt for Steve and Steve's colleague persuades him that the connection he had with Mary was just the result of pre-wedding nerves.
When they arrive at a potential wedding venue in Napa Valley, Massimo appears and, to Mary's confusion and horror, introduces himself as her fiancé.
Later when the four of them, along with Fran’s parents, are riding on horseback through the estate, Mrs Donolly’s singing frightens Mary's horse and it rushes off with a terrified Mary clinging on.
Steve instantly gallops after Mary and rescues her from the out of control horse.
When the pair are alone he bitterly rebukes her for condemning his actions when she was also engaged.
At home, Mary’s father excitedly talks about her upcoming wedding, only for her to reveal that she and Massimo are not engaged before scolding her father for trying to arrange her marriage.
Her father then reveals that his wedding with her mother, which Mary had always seen as the perfect marriage, was actually arranged and only became a loving relationship months later, leaving Mary feeling very confused.
Mary, Fran and Steve visit another potential wedding venue.
Differences in opinion between the couple begin to emerge but Steve agrees with whatever makes Fran happy.
Fran reveals she is going on a week-long business trip, and leaves Mary and Steve to continue with the wedding preparations.
The two apologize to each other for their angry words, and soon start becoming friends.
While looking for flowers, however, they run into a couple, Keith and Wendy, both whom Mary knows from her past.
When Steve asks how they all know each other, Mary reveals that Keith used to be her fiancé.
But Wendy was his secret high-school girlfriend, and she caught him cheating after seeing them making out in her car on the night of their rehearsal dinner.
That night, Mary ends up getting so drunk that she winds up going in the middle of the road, and then struggles to get back in her apartment building.
She then breaks down and laments over Keith being married and expecting a baby while she is still alone and miserable.
Steve finally manages to get them in Mary's apartment when another tenant opens the door for them.
Mary sobers and Steve decides to stay with her for a while.
During that time, he comforts her and insists that Keith was a fool to pick Wendy over her.
He then leaves but quickly returns and confesses that he has feelings for Mary.
She sadly replies that she respects Fran too much to let anything happen between them and sends Steve away.
Fran returns early from her trip and comes to speak with Mary.
Mary fears that Steve has revealed his feelings for her but instead Fran reveals she doesn't know if she is in love with Steve anymore.
Ignoring her heart, Mary persuades Fran to go ahead with the wedding.
At a birthday party they are both attending, Massimo offers Mary a heartfelt proposal and after a little hesitation she finally agreed to marry him.
The two couple's prepare for their weddings.
When the day arrives Mary leaves Penny to coordinate the Donolly wedding before she goes to the town hall to marry Massimo.
Before the wedding starts, Steve takes Fran for a walk and asks her if they’re doing the right thing.
Fran eventually admits that she doesn't want to get married.
The pair part as friends and Fran leaves to go on their honeymoon alone.
Penny, surprised at seeing this, comes over to Steve.
When asking her where Mary is, Penny then reveals her marriage plans to Steve and he rushes off to stop her.
At the town hall, Massimo and Mary prepare to marry but her father stops the ceremony, realizing that the wedding is what he wants for her and not what she wants.
Mary, who has given up on true love, insists that life isn’t a fairytale and marrying Massimo is the right thing to do.
But later, she realizes that he is not the one and ends up leaving the ceremony after all.
Steve arrives to find Mary's father and Massimo outside.
Massimo reveals that he couldn't go ahead with the wedding knowing that Mary was not in love with him and actually in love with Steve.
Steve reveals his feelings to Mary’s father, who tells him to go and get her.
Steve and Massimo ride off on Massimo's scooter to the park where another outdoor movie is starting.
Steve finds Mary, asks her to dance and they kiss.
The plot is delivered in a number of lengthy flashbacks in the narrative of Forrest Gump (Tom Hanks) as he sits at a bus stop with a suitcase full of mementos in Savannah, Georgia in 1981.
He initiates conversation with a stranger and recalls his childhood in Greenbow, Alabama during the 1950s.
Forrest is raised by a single mother (Sally Field) who runs a bed and breakfast for travelling folk including at one point a young Elvis Presley, and has to wear leg braces to fix a crooked back.
Despite having a diminished intellect, Forrest is admitted to public school after his mother agrees to have sex with the principal.
On his first day of school, Forrest meets Jenny Curran, a girl his age who becomes his best friend and is a victim of child molestation by her father.
The children bond, finding in each other a confidante and kindred spirit.
With Jenny's encouragement, Forrest runs away from a group of bullies, struggling until his leg braces break off and he finds that he is able to run very fast.
Years later, while fleeing the same group of bullies, he runs onto a football field during a practice observed by legendary coach Paul "Bear" Bryant, which gets him into the University of Alabama on a football scholarship.
He features in the Stand in the Schoolhouse Door and listens to George Wallace.
He then meets President John Kennedy as a member of the NCAA "All-American" team.
After graduation, he enlists in the army, where he excels at drill exercises and befriends fellow recruit Benjamin Buford Blue, nicknamed "Bubba" (Mykelti Williamson), an aspiring shrimp boat captain who suggests they go into the shrimp business together after the war.
They are sent to Vietnam under Lieutenant Dan Taylor (Gary Sinise).
After four months of patrolling in rain, Bubba is killed during their first encounter, an ambush which leaves many of their fellow soldiers wounded.
Lieutenant Dan sustains major injuries and loses both his legs.
Forrest is wounded in the buttocks while saving members of his platoon—including Lieutenant Dan—and is awarded the Medal of Honor, presented to him by President Lyndon Johnson at the White House.
At an anti-war rally in Washington featuring Abbie Hoffman, Forrest reunites with Jenny, who has joined the hippie movement after being expelled from college over topless photos of herself and experimenting with drugs.
While recovering from his wounds, Forrest discovers an aptitude for ping-pong, eventually playing against the Chinese in ping-pong diplomacy.
He runs into Lieutenant Dan, and finds that the former officer is now in a wheelchair and has become an embittered drunk living on disability pension.
Forrest is discharged and moves in with Dan and they spend the holidays together, with Forrest explaining his and Bubba's plan to go into the shrimping business and his intentions to fulfill Bubba's dream, which lt Dan disdainfully mocks.
During this period Forrest ends up meeting President Nixon and accidentally reveals the Watergate scandal.
After being discharged from the Army, Gump returns to Alabama and makes from ping pong endorsements, which he uses to buy a shrimping boat, fulfilling his promise to Bubba.
lt Dan joins Gump, and although they initially have little success, after Hurricane Carmen they are the only boat in the area left standing, and they begin to pull in huge amounts of shrimp.
They use their income to buy an entire fleet of shrimp boats.
lt Dan invests the money in Apple and they are financially secure for the rest of their lives.
Forrest returns home when his mother falls terminally ill and stays with her until her death.
Forrest donates much of his money to various causes, including a substantial sum to Bubba's family, and continues to live in the house where he grew up, taking a job as a groundskeeper.
Despite his success and finally coming home, he is lonely and often thinks of Jenny, who has been living a life of promiscuity and substance abuse.
One day, she returns to Alabama and stays with Forrest.
He asks her to marry him, but she declines because of her troubled past.
However, they have sex that night.
After she leaves the next day, a frustrated Forrest decides to go for a run, which turns into a multiple coast-to-coast three-and-a-half year journey, bringing him once more to national attention.
Back in the "present day", Gump reveals to his ever-rotating bus stop audience that he is travelling because he received a letter from Jenny, who is now living in Savannah and had seen him on TV during his running and invited him to visit.
Jenny reveals Forrest to be the father of her child, also named Forrest (Haley Joel Osment), and that she is suffering from an unknown virus (considering the timeline, it is assumed to be AIDS).
Jenny proposes to Forrest, and he accepts.
Forrest and Jenny return to Greenbow with Forrest Jr.
and are finally married; lt Dan attends the wedding with his Vietnamese fiancée Susan and shows Forrest his new prosthetic legs.
Jenny eventually dies of her illness, and Forrest becomes a devoted father to Forrest Jr.
Later, Gump is waiting with his son for the school bus to pick him up for his first day of school.
The emotions of an extended upper-class family in Manhattan are followed in song from NY to Paris and Venice.
Various friends, lovers, acquaintances, and relatives act, interact, and sing, in New York, Venice, and Paris.
Young lovers Holden and Skylar in Manhattan; Skylar's parents, Bob and Steffi; Joe, an ex-husband of Steffi; DJ, a daughter from the marriage of Joe and Steffi; Von, a lady whom Joe meets in Venice; a recently released prison inmate, Charles Ferry, who is inserted between Skyler and Holden, resulting in their breakup.
Father Charles “Chuck” O’Malley (Bing Crosby), an incoming priest from East st Louis, arrives in New York City with an unconventional style that will transform the parish life of st Dominic’s Church.
On his first day, O'Malley gets into a series of mishaps; his informal appearance and attitude make a poor impression with the elder pastor, Father Fitzgibbon (Barry Fitzgerald).
The very traditional Fitzgibbon is further put off by O’Malley’s recreational habits&nbsp;– particularly his golf-playing&nbsp;– and his friendship with the even more casual Father Timmy O’Dowd (Frank McHugh).
In a discussion between O'Malley and O'Dowd without Fitzgibbon present, it is revealed that O’Malley was sent by the bishop to take charge of the affairs of the parish, but that Fitzgibbon is to remain as pastor.
To spare Fitzgibbon’s feelings, the older pastor is kept unaware of this arrangement and believes that O’Malley is simply his assistant.
A series of events highlights the difference between O’Malley and Fitzgibbon’s styles, as they deal with events like a parishioner being evicted and a young woman named Carol James (Jean Heather) having run away from home.
The most consequential difference of opinion between O’Malley and Fitzgibbon arises in their handling of the youth of the church, many of whom are consistently getting into trouble with the law in a gang led by Tony Scaponi (Stanley Clements).
Fitzgibbon is inclined to look the other way, siding with the boys because of their frequent church attendance.
O’Malley seeks to make inroads into the boys’ lives, befriending Scaponi and eventually convincing the boys to become a church choir.
The noise of the practicing choir annoys Fitzgibbon, who finally decides to go to the bishop and ask for O’Malley to be transferred away.
In the course of the conversation, Fitzgibbon infers the bishop’s intention to put O’Malley in charge of the parish.
To avoid an uncomfortable situation, instead of making his initial request, Fitzgibbon asks the bishop to put O’Malley in charge, and then, resigned to his fate of losing control over the church, he informs O’Malley of his new role.
A distressed Fitzgibbon then runs away, leading to a search.
He returns late at night, and as O’Malley puts the older priest to bed, the two begin to bond.
They discuss Fitzgibbon’s long-put-off desire to go to Ireland and see his mother, whom he's not seen since he left Ireland as a young priest to come to America, and who is now over 90.
O’Malley puts Fitzgibbon to sleep with an Irish lullaby, “Too Ra Loo Ra Loo Ral”.
Jenny Tuffel (now Genevieve Linden) (Risë Stevens), an old girlfriend of O'Malley's whom he left to join the priesthood, now has a successful acting and singing career.
O'Malley and Jenny discuss their past, and she performs a number from her starring role as Carmen at the Metropolitan Opera.
O'Malley next pays a visit to Carol, who is now suspected of living in sin with Ted Haines Jr.
(James Brown), the son of the church's mortgage-holder, Ted Haines Sr.
(Gene Lockhart).
On this visit, O’Malley describes to the young couple his calling in life to “go his way,” which to him means to follow after the joyous side of religion and lead others to do the same.
He performs for them the song “Going My Way,” which he wrote on this theme.
Jenny visits O’Malley at the church, sees the boys’ choir, and reads the sheet music of “Going My Way.
” She, O'Malley, and Father O’Dowd devise a plan to rent out the Metropolitan, perform “Going My Way” with the choir and a full orchestra, then sell the rights to the song, thereby saving the church from its financial woes.
The plan fails, as the music executive (William Frawley) brought on to hear the song does not believe it will sell.
The choir decides to make the most of its opportunity on the grand stage, and sings another song, "Swinging on a Star".
The executive overhears the song and decides to buy it, providing enough money to pay off the church mortgage.
With the church affairs in order, O’Malley and Fitzgibbon go on a golf course together.
Just as everything seems to have fallen into place, though, the parish church is damaged in a massive fire.
O'Malley prepares to move on to a new assignment from the bishop.
He leaves O’Dowd to be Fitzgibbon’s new assistant, putting Tony Scaponi in charge of the choir.
On Christmas Eve, parishioners gather in a temporary church for a service that also serves as O'Malley's farewell.
As a going-away present, O’Malley has sent for Fitzgibbon’s mother from Ireland.
As mother and son embrace for the first time in 45 years, the choir sings “Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral”, as Father O’Malley quietly slips away into the night.
The play consists of four interconnecting plots, connected by a celebration of the wedding of Duke Theseus of Athens and the Amazon queen, Hippolyta, which is set simultaneously in the woodland and in the realm of Fairyland, under the light of the moon.
The play opens with Hermia, who is in love with Lysander, resistant to her father Egeus' demand that she wed Demetrius, whom he has arranged for her to marry.
Helena meanwhile pines unrequitedly for Demetrius.
Enraged, Egeus invokes an ancient Athenian law before Duke Theseus, whereby a daughter must marry the suitor chosen by her father, or else face death.
Theseus offers her another choice: lifelong chastity while worshipping the goddess Artemis as a nun.
Peter Quince and his fellow players Nick Bottom, Francis Flute, Robin Starveling, Tom Snout, and Snug plan to put on a play for the wedding of the Duke and the Queen, "the most lamentable comedy and most cruel death of Pyramus and Thisbe".
Quince reads the names of characters and bestows them to the players.
Nick Bottom, who is playing the main role of Pyramus, is over-enthusiastic and wants to dominate others by suggesting himself for the characters of Thisbe, the Lion, and Pyramus at the same time.
He would also rather be a tyrant and recites some lines of Ercles.
Bottom is told by Quince that he would do the Lion so terribly as to frighten the duchess and ladies enough for the Duke and Lords to have the players hanged.
Quince ends the meeting with "at the Duke's oak we meet".
In a parallel plot line, Oberon, king of the fairies, and Titania, his queen, have come to the forest outside Athens.
Titania tells Oberon that she plans to stay there until she has attended Theseus and Hippolyta's wedding.
Oberon and Titania are estranged because Titania refuses to give her Indian changeling to Oberon for use as his "knight" or "henchman", since the child's mother was one of Titania's worshippers.
Oberon seeks to punish Titania's disobedience.
He calls upon Robin "Puck" Goodfellow, his "shrewd and knavish sprite", to help him concoct a magical juice derived from a flower called "love-in-idleness", which turns from white to purple when struck by Cupid's arrow.
When the concoction is applied to the eyelids of a sleeping person, that person, upon waking, falls in love with the first living thing they perceive.
He instructs Puck to retrieve the flower with the hope that he might make Titania fall in love with an animal of the forest and thereby shame her into giving up the little Indian boy.
He says, "And ere I take this charm from off her sight,/As I can take it with another herb,/I'll make her render up her page to me".
Hermia and Lysander have escaped to the same forest in hopes of eloping.
Helena, desperate to reclaim Demetrius's love, tells Demetrius about the plan and he follows them in hopes of killing Lysander.
Helena continually makes advances towards Demetrius, promising to love him more than Hermia.
However, he rebuffs her with cruel insults against her.
Observing this, Oberon orders Puck to spread some of the magical juice from the flower on the eyelids of the young Athenian man.
Instead, Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius, not having actually seen either before, and administers the juice to the sleeping Lysander.
Helena, coming across him, wakes him while attempting to determine whether he is dead or asleep.
Upon this happening, Lysander immediately falls in love with Helena.
Oberon sees Demetrius still following Hermia and is enraged.
When Demetrius goes to sleep, Oberon sends Puck to get Helena while he charms Demetrius' eyes.
Upon waking up, he sees Helena.
Now, both men are in pursuit of Helena.
However, she is convinced that her two suitors are mocking her, as neither loved her originally.
Hermia is at a loss to see why her lover has abandoned her, and accuses Helena of stealing Lysander away from her.
The four quarrel with each other until Lysander and Demetrius become so enraged that they seek a place to duel to prove whose love for Helena is the greater.
Oberon orders Puck to keep Lysander and Demetrius from catching up with one another and to remove the charm from Lysander so Lysander can return to love Hermia, while Demetrius continues to love Helena.
Meanwhile, Quince and his band of six labourers ("rude mechanicals", as they are described by Puck) have arranged to perform their play about Pyramus and Thisbe for Theseus' wedding and venture into the forest, near Titania's bower, for their rehearsal.
Bottom is spotted by Puck, who (taking his name to be another word for a jackass) transforms his head into that of a donkey.
When Bottom returns for his next lines, the other workmen run screaming in terror: They claim that they are haunted, much to Bottom's confusion.
Determined to await his friends, he begins to sing to himself.
Titania, having received the love-potion, is awakened by Bottom's singing and immediately falls in love with him.
She lavishes him with the attention of her and her fairies, and while she is in this state of devotion, Oberon takes the changeling.
Having achieved his goals, Oberon releases Titania, orders Puck to remove the donkey's head from Bottom, and arranges everything so Helena, Hermia, Demetrius and Lysander will all believe they have been dreaming when they awaken.
Puck distracts Lysander and Demetrius from fighting over Helena's love by mimicking their voices and leading them apart.
Eventually, all four find themselves separately falling asleep in the glade.
Once they fall asleep, Puck administers the love potion to Lysander again, claiming all will be well in the morning.
The fairies then disappear, and Theseus and Hippolyta arrive on the scene, during an early morning hunt.
They wake the lovers and, since Demetrius no longer loves Hermia, Theseus over-rules Egeus's demands and arranges a group wedding.
The lovers decide that the night's events must have been a dream.
After they exit, Bottom awakes, and he too decides that he must have experienced a dream "past the wit of man".
In Athens, Theseus, Hippolyta and the lovers watch the six workmen perform Pyramus and Thisbe.
The performers are so terrible playing their roles that the guests laugh as if it were meant to be a comedy, and everyone retires to bed.
Afterwards, Oberon, Titania, Puck, and other fairies enter, and bless the house and its occupants with good fortune.
After all the other characters leave, Puck "restores amends" and suggests to the audience that what they just experienced might be nothing more than a dream.
Calvin Clifford (C) "Bud" Baxter (Jack Lemmon) is a lonely office drudge at a national insurance corporation in a high-rise building in New York City.
In order to climb the corporate ladder, Bud allows four company managers, who reinforce their position over him by regularly calling him "Buddy Boy," to take turns borrowing his Upper West Side apartment for their various extramarital liaisons, which are so noisy that his neighbors assume that he is a playboy bringing home different women every night.
The four managers (Ray Walston, David Lewis, Willard Waterman, and David White) write glowing reports about Bud, who hopes for a promotion from the personnel director, Jeff Sheldrake (Fred MacMurray).
Sheldrake calls Baxter to his office but says that he has found out why they were so enthusiastic.
Then he goes on to promote him in return for exclusive privileges to borrow the apartment.
He insists on using it that same night and, as compensation for such short notice, gives Baxter two company-sponsored tickets to the hit Broadway musical The Music Man.
After work, Bud catches Fran Kubelik (Shirley MacLaine), an elevator operator on whom he has had his eye, and asks her to go to the musical with him.
They agree to meet at the theater after she has a drink with a former fling.
The man whom she meets, by coincidence, is Sheldrake, who convinces her that he is about to divorce his wife for her.
They go to Baxter's apartment as Baxter waits forlornly outside the theater.
Several weeks later, at the company's raucous Christmas party, Sheldrake's secretary Miss Olsen (Edie Adams), drunkenly reveals to Fran that Fran is just the latest in a string of female employees whom Sheldrake has seduced into affairs with the promise of divorcing his wife, with Miss Olsen herself being one of them.
At Bud's apartment, Fran confronts Sheldrake, upset with herself for believing his lies.
Sheldrake maintains that he genuinely loves her but then leaves to return to his suburban family as usual.
Meanwhile, Bud accidentally finds out about Sheldrake and Fran.
Heartbroken, he lets himself be picked up by a woman (Hope Holiday) at a local bar.
When they arrive at his apartment, he is shocked to find Fran in his bed, fully clothed and unconscious from an intentional overdose of his sleeping pills.
He enlists the help of his neighbor, dr Dreyfuss (Jack Kruschen), to revive Fran without notifying the authorities and sends his confused bar pickup home.
To protect his job, he lets Dreyfuss believe that he and Fran are lovers who had fought, which he took so lightly that he was meeting another woman while she was attempting suicide.
This comes as no surprise to dr Dreyfuss or his wife, who long assumed Baxter was a womanizing playboy from all the noise coming from his apartment at all hours.
Fran spends two days recuperating at his apartment, while Bud tries entertaining and distracting her from any further suicidal thoughts, talking her into playing numerous hands of gin rummy.
Since she has been missing, Fran's brother-in-law Karl Matuschka (Johnny Seven) comes to the office looking for her.
She has not been there and neither has Baxter.
The previous day, one of the executives had seen Fran in the bedroom when he came to the apartment hoping to borrow it, and mentioned it to the other executives.
Resenting Bud for denying them access to his apartment, the executives direct the man there.
Baxter again takes responsibility for Fran's actions, and Karl punches him twice in the face.
Fran kisses Bud for not revealing her affair with Sheldrake to Karl, and Bud, sensing that she now cares for him, smiles and says the punch "didn't hurt a bit".
Sheldrake rewards Bud with a further promotion and fires Miss Olsen for telling Fran his history of womanizing.
However, Miss Olsen retaliates by telling his wife, who promptly throws him out.
Sheldrake moves into a room at his athletic club but now figures that he can string Fran along while he enjoys his newfound bachelorhood.
When Sheldrake asks Bud for the key to the apartment on New Year's Eve, Bud refuses and quits the firm.
That night at a party, an indignant Sheldrake tells Fran about Bud refusing to let Sheldrake use the apartment, especially for bringing Fran there, and then quitting.
Fran finally realizes that Baxter is the man who truly loves her.
Fran deserts Sheldrake at the party and runs to Bud's apartment.
Arriving at the door, she hears a loud noise like a gunshot.
Afraid that Bud has shot himself, Fran pounds on the door.
Bud, holding a bottle of overflowing champagne, finally opens the door, surprised and delighted that Fran is there.
Bud has been packing for a move to another job and city.
Fran insists on resuming their gin rummy game, telling Bud that she is now free as well.
When he declares his love for her, her reply is the now-famous final line of the film: "Shut up and deal", delivered with a loving and radiant smile.
The story deals with the life of Garp.
His mother, Jenny Fields, is a strong-willed nurse who wants a child but not a husband.
She encounters a dying ball turret gunner known only as Technical Sergeant Garp, who was severely brain damaged in combat.
Jenny nurses Garp, observing his infantile state and almost perpetual autonomic sexual arousal.
As a matter of practicality and kindness in making his passing as comfortable as possible and reducing his agitation, she manually gratifies him several times.
Unconstrained by convention and driven by practicality and her desire for a child, Jenny rapes Technical Sergeant Garp, and uses his semen to impregnate herself and names the resulting son "T".
(a name derived from "Technical Sergeant", but consisting of just initials).
Jenny raises young Garp alone, taking a position at the all-boys Steering School in New England.
Garp grows up, becoming interested in sex, wrestling, and writing fiction&mdash;three topics in which his mother has little interest.
After his graduation in 1961, his mother takes him to Vienna, where he writes his first novella.
At the same time, his mother begins writing her autobiography, A Sexual Suspect.
After Jenny and Garp return to Steering, Garp marries Helen, the wrestling coach's daughter, and begins his family—he a struggling writer, she a teacher of English.
The publication of A Sexual Suspect makes his mother famous.
She becomes a feminist icon, as feminists view her book as a manifesto of a woman who does not care to bind herself to a man, and who chooses to raise a child on her own.
She nurtures and supports women traumatized by men, among them the Ellen Jamesians, a group of women named after an eleven-year-old girl whose tongue was cut off by her rapists to silence her.
The members of the group cut off their own tongues in support of the girl.
Garp becomes a devoted parent, wrestling with anxiety for the safety of his children and a desire to keep them safe from the dangers of the world.
He and his family inevitably experience dark and violent events through which the characters change and grow.
Garp learns (often painfully) from the women in his life (including transsexual ex-football player Roberta Muldoon), who are struggling to become more tolerant in the face of intolerance.
The story contains a great deal of (in the words of Garp's fictional teacher) "lunacy and sorrow", and the sometimes ridiculous chains of events the characters experience still resonate with painful truth.
The novel contains several framed narratives: Garp's first novella, The Pension Grillparzer; "Vigilance", a short story; and the first chapter of his novel, The World According to Bensenhaver.
The book also contains some motifs that appear in almost all John Irving novels: bears, New England, Vienna, wrestling, people who are uninterested in having sex, and a complex Dickensian plot that spans the protagonist's whole life.
Adultery (another common Irving motif) also plays a large part, culminating in one of the novel's most harrowing and memorable scenes.
Another familiar Irving trope, castration anxiety, is present, most obviously in the fate of one character, Michael Milton.
Spoiled heiress Ellen "Ellie" Andrews has eloped with pilot and fortune-hunter "King" Westley against the wishes of her extremely wealthy father, Alexander.
Alexander wants to have the marriage annulled because he knows that Westley is really only interested in her money.
Jumping ship in Florida, she runs away boarding a bus to New York City to reunite with her new spouse.
She meets fellow bus passenger Peter Warne, a freshly out-of-work newspaper reporter.
Soon Warne recognizes her and gives her a choice: If she will give him an exclusive on her story, he will help her reunite with Westley.
If not, he will tell her father where she is.
Ellie agrees to the first choice.
As they go through several adventures together, Ellie loses her initial disdain for him and begins to fall in love.
When they have to hitchhike, Peter fails to draw attention until Ellie displays a shapely leg to Danker, the next driver.
When they stop en route, Danker tries to steal their luggage, but Peter seizes his car.
Nearing the end of their journey, Ellie confesses her love to Peter.
When the owners of the motel in which they are staying notice that Peter's car is gone, they expel Ellie.
Believing Peter has deserted her, Ellie telephones her father, who agrees to let her marry Westley.
Meanwhile, Peter has obtained money from his editor to marry Ellie, but misses her on the road.
Although Ellie has no desire to be with Westley, she believes Peter has betrayed her for the reward money, and agrees to have a second, formal wedding to Westley.
On her wedding day, she finally reveals the whole story.
When Peter comes to Ellie's home, mr Andrews offers him the reward money, but Peter insists on being paid only his expenses: a paltry $3960.
When Ellie's father presses him for an explanation of his odd behavior, Peter admits he loves Ellie, and storms out.
Westley arrives for his wedding via autogyro but at the wedding ceremony, mr Andrews reveals Peter's refusal of the reward money to Ellie, sends her to Peter, and pays Westley off.
Akeem Joffer, the heir to the throne of Zamunda (a fictional African kingdom), lives a pampered lifestyle with every daily task performed by servants.
Akeem has become fed up with this and wishes to do more for himself.
The final straw comes when his parents, King Jaffe and Queen Aeoleon, present him with an arranged bride-to-be named Imani Izzi, whom he has never met and who has been trained to obey Akeem's every command.
Akeem concocts a plan to travel to the United States to find an intelligent, independent-minded woman he can both love and respect, and who will love Akeem for who he is and not for his wealth and social status as a prince.
Akeem and his best friend/personal aide, Semmi, flip a coin to decide between going to either Los Angeles or New York City, and end up going to New York City.
They end up in the borough of Queens and rent a run-down apartment in the neighborhood of Long Island City, passing themselves off as poor foreign students.
They begin working at a local fast food restaurant called McDowell's—an obvious ripoff of McDonald's—owned by widower Cleo McDowell and his two daughters, Lisa and Patrice.
Akeem soon falls in love with Lisa, who possesses all the qualities that the prince is looking for in a woman, as first seen by Akeem at a rally where she makes a strong plea to renovate a playground.
The rest of the film centers on Akeem's attempts to win Lisa's hand in marriage, which is complicated by Lisa's lazy and obnoxious boyfriend, Darryl Jenks (Eriq La Salle), whose father owns "Soul Glo" (a Jheri curl–like hairstyling aid).
Lisa eventually breaks up with Darryl after he announces their engagement (without Lisa having given her consent) to their families, and starts dating Akeem.
Although Akeem thrives on hard work and learning how commoners live, Semmi is not comfortable with living the life of a poor man.
When Akeem randomly donates their travel money to the homeless Randolph and Mortimer Duke (characters in the previous Eddie Murphy film Trading Places), Semmi transmits a plea to the King of Zamunda for financial help.
This causes Akeem's parents to travel to Queens and expose Akeem's identity as a prince to the McDowells.
mr McDowell, initially disapproving of the match as he did not want to see his daughter with a man of poor means, is ecstatic that she has in fact attracted the interest of an extremely wealthy prince, but Lisa becomes angry and confused as to why Akeem lied to her about his identity, as he had told her before that he was actually a Zamundan goat herder.
Still hurt and angry that Akeem lied to her, she refuses to marry him, even after he offers to renounce his throne, and he returns home with a broken heart, resigned to marry the woman chosen for him by his parents.
On the way to the airport, King Jaffe remarks that Akeem can't marry Lisa anyway because of "tradition," and tries defending himself by saying "Who am I to change it.
", with Queen Aeoleon curtly responding, "I thought you were the King.
At the final scene's wedding procession, Akeem, still heartbroken, waits dejectedly at the altar as his soon-to-be consort makes her way down the aisle.
However, when Akeem lifts the veil to kiss her, he finds Lisa instead of Imani.
Akeem and Lisa are married, and they ride happily in a carriage after the ceremony to the cheers of Zamundans.
Witnessing such splendor, Lisa is both surprised and touched by the fact that Akeem would have given it up just for her.
Akeem offers to formally abdicate if she doesn't want a life like this, but Lisa playfully declines and decides to become royalty instead.
The story is set in New York City in the 1890s.
A bawdy singer, Lady Lou (Mae West), works in the Bowery barroom saloon of her boss and benefactor, Gus Jordan (Noah Beery), who has given her many diamonds.
But Lou is a lady with more men friends than anyone might imagine.
What she does not know is that Gus trafficks in prostitution and runs a counterfeiting ring to help finance her expensive diamonds.
He also sends young women to San Francisco to be pickpockets.
Gus works with two other crooked entertainer-assistants, Russian Rita (Rafaela Ottiano) and Rita's lover, the suave Sergei Stanieff (Gilbert Roland).
One of Gus's rivals and former "friend" of Lou's, named Dan Flynn (David Landau), spends most of the movie dropping hints to Lou that Gus is up to no good, promising to look after her once Gus is in jail.
Lou leads him on, hinting at times that she will return to him, but eventually he loses patience and implies he'll see her jailed if she doesn't submit to him.
A city mission (a thinly disguised Salvation Army) is located next door to the bar.
Its young director, Captain Cummings (Cary Grant), is in reality an undercover Federal agent working to infiltrate and expose the illegal activities in the bar.
Gus suspects nothing; he worries only that Cummings will reform his bar and scare away his customers.
Lou's former boyfriend, Chick Clark (Owen Moore), is a vicious criminal who was convicted of robbery and sent to prison for trying to steal diamonds for her.
In his absence, she becomes attracted to the handsome young psalm-singing reformer.
Warned that Chick thinks she's betrayed him, she goes to the prison to try to reassure him.
All the inmates greet her warmly and familiarly as she walks down the cellblock.
Chick becomes angry and threatens to kill her if she double-crosses or two-times him before he gets out.
She lies and claims she has been true to him.
Gus gives counterfeit money to Rita and Sergei to spend.
Chick escapes from jail, and police search for him in the bar.
He comes into Lou's room and starts to strangle her, breaking off only because he still loves her and cannot harm her.
Lou calms him down by promising that she will go with him when she finishes her next number.
After Sergei gives Lou a diamond pin belonging to Rita, Rita starts a fight with Lou, who accidentally stabs her to death.
Lou calmly combs the dead woman's long hair to hide the fact Rita is dead while the police search the room for Chick Clark.
She has her bodyguard Spider (Dewey Robinson), who "would do anything for you, Lou" dispose of Rita's body.
She then tells Spider to bring Chick, who's hiding in an alley, back to her room upstairs.
Then, while she sings "Frankie and Johnny", she silently signals to Dan Flynn that he should go to her room to wait for her, even though she knows Chick is in there with a gun.
Chick shoots Dan dead and the gunfire draws a police raid.
Cummings shows his badge and reveals himself as "The Hawk", a well-known Federal agent, as he arrests Gus and Sergei.
Chick, still lurking in Lou's room, is about to kill Lou for double-crossing him, when Cummings also apprehends him.
Cummings then takes Lou away in an open horse-drawn carriage instead of the paddywagon into which all the other criminals have been loaded.
He tells her she doesn't belong in jail and removes all her other rings and slips a diamond engagement ring onto her marriage finger.
On Christmas Eve 1945, in Bedford Falls, New York, George Bailey is suicidal.
Prayers for him reach Heaven, where Clarence Odbody, Angel 2nd Class, is assigned to save George in order to earn his angel wings.
To prepare, Clarence is shown flashbacks of George's life.
The first is in 1919, when 12-year-old George saves his younger brother Harry, who falls through the ice on a frozen pond, from drowning; George loses his hearing in one ear as a result.
While working after school at the local drug store, George sees that his employer, mr Gower, distraught over his son's death from the flu, has accidentally added poison to a child's prescription drug, and intervenes to stop it from causing harm.
On Harry's graduation night in 1928, George talks to Mary Hatch, who has had a crush on him from an early age.
They are interrupted by news of his father's death.
George postpones his travel plans in order to sort out the family business, Bailey Brothers' Building and Loan, a longtime competitor to Henry Potter, the local banker and the richest man in town.
Potter wishes to dissolve the Building and Loan to take over its business.
George convinces the board of directors to vote against Potter.
They agree, on condition that George runs the business, along with his absent-minded uncle Billy.
George and Mary get married.
On their way to their honeymoon, they witness a run on the bank and use their honeymoon savings to lend financial support at the Building and Loan until the bank reopens.
Over time George establishes Bailey Park, a housing development with small houses financed by loans from Bailey Building and Loan, which allows people to own their own homes rather than pay rent to live in Potter's overpriced slums.
Potter, frustrated at losing control of the housing market, attempts to lure George into becoming his assistant; George is momentarily tempted, but rejects the offer.
During World War II, George is ineligible for service because of his bad ear.
Harry becomes a Navy pilot and shoots down a kamikaze plane that would have bombed an amphibious transport; he is awarded the Medal of Honor.
On Christmas Eve morning 1945, the town prepares a hero's welcome for Harry.
Uncle Billy goes to Potter's bank to deposit $8,000 for the Building and Loan.
(The $8,000 was worth over $100,000 in 2017 dollars) He teases Potter, taking his newspaper and bragging about Harry being on the front page; the banker angrily grabs the newspaper, inside of which Billy has unintentionally tucked the envelope containing the money.
Upon seeing the money, Potter realizes the potential scandal could lead to the Building and Loan's downfall.
Potter hides the money, knowing its loss will cause severe financial problems for the Building and Loan.
When Uncle Billy cannot find the money, he and George frantically search for it.
When the bank examiner arrives to review their records, George berates his uncle for endangering the Building and Loan, goes home and takes out his frustration on his family.
He apologizes to his wife and children, then leaves.
George desperately appeals to Potter for a loan.
When George offers his life insurance policy as collateral, Potter says George is worth more dead than alive and phones the police to have him arrested.
George gets drunk at a local bar and is involved in a fight before he leaves and goes to a nearby bridge, thinking of suicide.
The film's narrative catches up to the time of the opening scene.
Before he can jump, Clarence dives into the river just before George does, causing George to rescue Clarence rather than killing himself.
George does not believe Clarence's subsequent claim to be his guardian angel.
When George says he wishes he had never been born, Clarence decides to grant his wish and show George an alternate timeline in which he never existed.
Bedford Falls is named Pottersville and is a less congenial place.
mr Gower has recently been released from prison for manslaughter, because George was not there to stop him from putting poison in the pills.
The Building and Loan has closed down, as George never took over after mr Bailey's passing.
George's mother does not recognize him; she reveals that Uncle Billy was institutionalized after the collapse of the Building and Loan.
In the cemetery where Bailey Park would have been, George discovers the grave of his brother.
Clarence tells him all the soldiers on the transport died, as Harry was never there to save them, because George had never saved Harry from drowning.
Mary never married; when George says he is her husband, she screams for the police, causing George to flee and the local policeman to give chase.
George, now convinced that Clarence is really his guardian angel, runs back to the bridge and begs for his life back; the alternate timeline changes back to the original reality.
George runs home to await his arrest.
Mary and Uncle Billy arrive, having rallied the townspeople, who donate more than enough to cover the missing $8,000 and for Potter's warrant to be torn up.
Harry arrives and toasts George.
A bell on the Christmas tree rings, and his daughter recalls a story that says the sound means that an angel has just earned his wings, signifying Clarence's promotion.
In 1850, backwoodsman Adam Pontipee comes into a town in the Oregon Territory to search for a bride.
Met with ridicule by some locals, he comes upon the local tavern where he meets Milly.
Convinced of her worth by the quality of her cooking and her insistence on finishing her chores before she would leave with him, he proposes and she accepts despite knowing each other for only a few hours.
On the journey home Milly talks about how she is excited to be cooking and taking care of only one man, visibly upsetting Adam.
When they arrive at his cabin in the mountains, Milly is surprised to learn that Adam is one of seven brothers living under the same roof.
The brothers have been named alphabetically from the Old Testament in order of birth: Adam, Benjamin, Caleb, Daniel, Ephraim, Frank (short for frankincense, the Old Testament having no names beginning with F), and Gideon.
All of the brothers have red hair and all but Gideon are well over six feet tall.
Milly teaches Adam's rowdy, ill-behaved younger brothers manners and social mores.
She also shows them how to dance.
At first, the brothers have a hard time changing from their "mountain man" ways, but eventually each comes to see that the only way he will get a woman of his own is to do things Milly's way.
They try out their new manners at a barn-raising, where they meet six women they like — Dorcas, Ruth, Martha, Liza, Sarah, and Alice.
The girls take a fancy to the brothers as well.
However, they already have suitors among the young men of the town, who jealously taunt the brothers into fighting during the barn-raising.
At first the six brothers remember Milly's teaching and try to resist being drawn into a fight by accepting physical indignities.
Adam refuses to let himself be pushed around by the rival suitors and calls his younger brothers cowards for letting them get away with their behavior.
The girls' suitors from the town finally go too far when they attack Adam, provoking Gideon into fighting back.
A free-for-all ensues in which the brothers dominate their physically weaker townie rivals.
Although the Pontipees did not start the fight, they are banished from the town after demolishing the barn they were raising in the course of the brawl.
Winter finds the six younger brothers pining for the girls for whom they had fallen fast and hard.
Milly asks Adam to talk to the brothers as she fears they will want to leave because of missing the girls.
Adam reads his brothers the story of "The Sobbin' Women" (taken from Plutarch's story of the Sabine Women), one of the books Milly brought to the homestead.
He tells them that they should stop moping around and take whatever action is necessary to get their women.
Aided by Adam, the brothers kidnap the six girls, then cause an avalanche in Echo Pass so that they cannot be followed by the townspeople.
The only problem: they forgot to bring the parson to perform the marriages.
Milly is furious with Adam, as are the six kidnapped women.
Milly consigns the brothers to the barn "with the rest of the livestock" while the women live in the house.
Adam, feeling betrayed by Milly's reaction, leaves for the trapping cabin farther up the mountain to live out the winter by himself, unknowingly hurting Milly's feelings.
Soon after, Milly realizes that she is pregnant by Adam.
The winter months slowly pass.
The women vent their frustration and resentment by playing pranks on the brothers, such as hitting them with rock-filled snowballs and dumping basins of wash water on them.
By spring, the women have forgiven their "kidnappers" and fallen in love with the brothers, who are now allowed to court them.
Milly gives birth to a daughter, Hannah.
Gideon rides to the cabin to inform Adam of his daughter's arrival and asks him to come home.
Adam refuses, saying that he had said he would return home only when the snow had melted enough that the pass was open to traffic.
Having time to think about his baby daughter, Adam returns home in the spring just as Echo Pass is opening and reconciles with Milly.
As a newly responsible father, he has become aware of how worried the townspeople would be about what has happened to the six abducted girls.
Adam realizes he was wrong to tell his brothers to kidnap them.
He tells his brothers they need to take the women back to their homes in town, but his brothers are unwilling.
The six women also do not want to return to their homes; they all want to stay at the farm with their new suitors and hide so they will not be taken back home.
When Milly discovers that the women are not in the house, Adam tells his brothers to go after them and bring them back.
The townspeople arrive with the intention of lynching the Pontipee brothers for the kidnappings.
Upon finding the brothers trying to force the women to return, the fathers believe their daughters are being assaulted and charge to their rescue.
Alice's father (Ian Wolfe), a preacher, hears baby Hannah cry in the distance, and worries that the baby might belong to one of the kidnapped girls.
The fathers and other townsmen round up the Pontipees and announce they intend to hang them.
Alice's father, the Reverend Alcott, asks the women whose baby he had heard.
They all decide, simultaneously, to claim the baby as their own.
This misinformation gives the women and the brothers their wish: the townspeople, including the girls' fathers, insist that all six couples marry at once in a shotgun wedding, performed by the parson while Adam and Milly watch and the fathers stand behind their daughters' grooms, shotguns over their arms.
Holden McNeil (Ben Affleck) and Banky Edwards (Jason Lee) are comic book artists and lifelong friends.
They meet fellow comic book artist Alyssa Jones (Joey Lauren Adams) at a comic book convention in New York City, where they are promoting their comic Bluntman and Chronic.
Holden is attracted to Alyssa, but soon learns that she is a lesbian.
The two begin hanging out, and a deep friendship develops.
Eventually, Holden is no longer able to contain his feelings, and confesses his love to Alyssa.
She is initially angry with him, but that night, the two begin a romantic relationship.
This new development worsens the tension between Holden and Banky, who hates and mistrusts Alyssa and is disturbed by her and Holden's relationship.
Banky investigates and uncovers dirt on Alyssa's past, and he reports to Holden that Alyssa participated in a threesome with two guys during high school, which gave her the nickname "Finger Cuffs".
Holden is deeply upset by this revelation, having previously believed that he is the first man Alyssa had ever slept with.
He angrily confronts Alyssa while attending a hockey game, and clumsily attempts baiting her into confessing.
During a tearful argument, she tells Holden about her "many" youthful sexual experimentations.
She apologizes for letting him believe that he was the only man she had been with.
However, she refuses to apologize for her past, and Holden leaves feeling disillusioned and furious.
Later, during lunch with Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith), Silent Bob reveals that he was once in a relationship similar to Holden's.
Despite the fact that he was in love with his girlfriend, Amy, his neurosis about her adventurous sexual past caused him to sabotage the relationship and leave her.
Angry at himself for letting her go, he has "spent every day since then chasing Amy, so to speak".
Moved by Silent Bob's story, Holden devises a plan to fix both his relationship with Alyssa and his estranged friendship with Banky.
He invites them both over and tells Alyssa that he would like to get over her past and remain her boyfriend.
He also tells Banky that he realizes that Banky is in love with him—kissing him passionately to prove the point.
Holden suggests a threesome.
Though initially shocked, Banky agrees to participate, whereas Alyssa explains to Holden that it will not save their relationship.
Before leaving, she states that she loves him, but she will not be his "whore".
Banky also leaves the apartment, instantly ending their friendship.
One year later, both Banky and Holden are busy promoting their own respective comics at a convention in New York.
It is revealed that Holden has dissolved their partnership over Bluntman and Chronic, leaving the viewer with the assumption that he sold the publishing and creative rights over to Banky (which is corroborated in the beginning of Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back).
Banky smiles sadly at seeing his old friend, who silently congratulates him for his success on his own comic.
Banky gestures over to a booth hosted by Alyssa, and provides wordless encouragement to Holden to go talk to her.
He has a brief, quietly emotional conversation with Alyssa, and gives her a copy of Chasing Amy, his new comic based on their failed relationship.
After Holden leaves, Alyssa's new girlfriend (Virginia Smith) arrives and asks who she was talking to.
A shaken, misty-eyed Alyssa feigns indifference and replies, "Oh, just some guy I knew".
Parisian doctor Andre Bertier (Maurice Chevalier) is faithful to his loving wife, Colette (Jeanette MacDonald), much to the surprise of his lovely female patients.
But when Colette's best friend Mitzi Olivier (Genevieve Tobin) insists upon being treated by dr Bertier, it looks to many of those concerned that Mitzi may succeed where the other willing ladies failed.
In Vienna, Lieutenant Nikolaus "Niki" von Preyn (Maurice Chevalier) meets Franzi (Claudette Colbert), the leader of an all-female-orchestra.
They soon fall in love with each other.
While standing in formation before a parade honoring the visiting royal family of Flausenthurm, Niki takes the opportunity to wink at Franzi in the crowd.
Unfortunately the gesture is intercepted by Anna, the Princess of Flausenthurm (Miriam Hopkins).
The naive Princess assumes offense, leading the lieutenant to convince her that he slighted her because she is thought to be very beautiful.
Besotted, the Princess demands she has to marry the lieutenant, or, she'll marry an American instead.
The international incident is narrowly averted by having them get married.
The Lieutenant sneaks away from his bride to wander the streets of Flausenthurm to find his girlfriend.
The princess learns of this and decides to confront Franzi.
After the initial confrontation, Franzi sees that the princess is in fact deeply in love with the lieutenant, and decides to save the marriage by giving the princess a makeover, singing "Jazz up your lingerie.
"  The results are a complete success as the Lieutenant follows his satin-clad, cigarette-puffing bride into the bedroom and closes the door – only to open it and give the audience a last song and a suggestive wink.
Mimi Glossop (Ginger Rogers) arrives in England to seek a divorce from her geologist husband Cyril, whom she has not seen for several years.
Under the guidance of her domineering and much-married aunt Hortense (Alice Brady), she consults incompetent and bumbling lawyer Egbert Fitzgerald (Edward Everett Horton), once a fiancé of her aunt.
He arranges for her to spend a night at a seaside hotel and to be caught in an adulterous relationship, for which purpose he hires a professional co-respondent, Rodolfo Tonetti (Erik Rhodes).
But Egbert forgets to arrange for private detectives to "catch" the couple.
By coincidence, Guy Holden (Fred Astaire) an American dancer and friend of Egbert's, who briefly met Mimi on her arrival in England, and who is now besotted with her, also arrives at the hotel, only to be mistaken by Mimi for the co-respondent she has been waiting for.
While they are in Mimi's bedroom, Tonetti arrives, revealing the truth, and holds them "prisoner" to suit the plan.
They contrive to escape and dance the night away.
In the morning, after several mistakes with the waiter, Cyril Glossop (William Austin) arrives at the door, so Guy hides in the next room, while Mimi and Tonetti give a show of being lovers.
When Cyril does not believe them, Guy comes out and embraces Mimi in an attempt to convince him that he is her lover, but to no avail.
It is an unwitting waiter (Eric Blore) who finally clears the whole thing up by revealing that Cyril himself is an adulterer, thus clearing the way for Mimi to get a divorce and marry Guy.
Riveter "Chesty" O'Conner (James Cagney) and his best friend, "Droopy" (Frank McHugh), join the US Navy to annoy O'Connor's nemesis, Chief Petty Officer "Biff" Martin (Pat O'Brien).
O'Conner gets himself court-martialled for being AWOL while visiting Martin's sister Dorothy (Gloria Stuart).
Disgruntled at his treatment, O'Connor angrily derides the Navy and finds himself ostracized by his fellow sailors.
During gunnery practice, O'Conner helps put out a fire in a gun room and receives the Navy Cross medal, but is still determined to get out of the Navy.
Later.
O'Conner transfers to the US Naval Air Service and is assigned to the rigid airship.
When the Macon tries to dock, Martin is accidentally caught on a guide rope and is hoisted into the air.
Despite orders, O'Conner climbs down the rope and saves Martin's life by parachuting both of them to the ground.
Later, at the wedding of O'Conner to Dorothy, Martin finds out that O'Conner has been promoted to boatswain and now outranks him.
Ted (Chester Morris), Jerry (Norma Shearer), Paul (Conrad Nagel), and Dorothy (Helen Johnson) are part of the New York in-crowd.
Jerry's decision to marry Ted crushes Paul.
He gets drunk and is involved in an accident that leaves Dorothy's face disfigured.
Out of pity, Paul marries Dorothy.
Ted and Jerry have been married three years when she discovers he had a brief affair with another woman — and when she confronts him on their third anniversary, he tells her it did not "mean a thing".
Upset, and with Ted out on a business trip, Jerry spends the night with his best friend, Don.
Upon Ted's return, she tells him she "balanced [their] accounts," withholding Don's name.
Ted is hypocritically outraged and they argue, ending with Ted leaving her and the couple filing for a divorce.
While Jerry turns to partying to forget her sorrows, Ted becomes an alcoholic.
Paul and Jerry run into each other and she discovers he still loves her and is willing to leave Dorothy to be with her.
Only after she meets Dorothy is Jerry forced to evaluate her decision.
Norma Shearer won the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Also starring in the film are Robert Montgomery, Conrad Nagel, and Florence Eldridge.
In 1908 the Earl of Burnstead (Roland Young) gambles away his eminently correct English manservant, Marmaduke Ruggles (Charles Laughton).
Ruggles' new masters, crude nouveau riche American millionaires Egbert and Effie Floud (Charlie Ruggles and Mary Boland), bring Ruggles back to Red Gap, Washington, a remote Western boomtown.
When Ruggles is mistaken for a wealthy retired Englishman colonel, he becomes a celebrity in the small town.
As Ruggles attempts to adjust to his rough new community, he learns to live life on his own terms, achieving a fulfilling independence as a result.
The climax of the film is Laughton’s recitation of the Gettysburg Address in a saloon filled with rough Western characters who are held spellbound by the speech.
Newly imbued with the spirit of democracy and self-determination, Ruggles becomes his own man, giving up his previous employment and opening a restaurant in Red Gap.
An American dancer, Jerry Travers (Fred Astaire) comes to London to star in a show produced by the bumbling Horace Hardwick (Edward Everett Horton).
While practicing a tap dance routine in his hotel bedroom, he awakens Dale Tremont (Ginger Rogers) on the floor below.
She storms upstairs to complain, whereupon Jerry falls hopelessly in love with her and proceeds to pursue her all over London.
Dale mistakes Jerry for Horace, who is married to her friend Madge (Helen Broderick).
Following the success of Jerry's opening night in London, Jerry follows Dale to Venice, where she is visiting Madge and modelling/promoting the gowns created by Alberto Beddini (Erik Rhodes), a dandified Italian fashion designer with a penchant for malapropisms.
Jerry proposes to Dale, who, while still believing that Jerry is Horace, is disgusted that her friend's husband could behave in such a manner and agrees instead to marry Alberto.
Fortunately, Bates (Eric Blore), Horace's meddling English valet, disguises himself as a priest and conducts the ceremony; Horace had sent Bates to keep tabs on Dale.
On a trip in a gondola, Jerry manages to convince Dale and they return to the hotel where the previous confusion is rapidly cleared up.
The reconciled couple dance off into the Venetian sunset, to the tune of "The Piccolino".
Wealthy Connie Allenbury (Myrna Loy) is falsely accused of breaking up a marriage and sues the New York Evening Star newspaper for $5,000,000 for libel.
Warren Haggerty (Spencer Tracy), the managing editor, turns in desperation to former reporter and suave ladies' man Bill Chandler (William Powell) for help.
His scheme is to maneuver Connie into being alone with him when his wife shows up, so the suit will have to be dropped.
Chandler is not married, so Warren volunteers his long-suffering fiancée, Gladys Benton (Jean Harlow), over her loud protests.
Bill arranges to return to America from England on the same ocean liner as Connie and her father (Walter Connolly).
He pays some men to pose as reporters and harass Connie at the dock, so that he can "rescue" her and become acquainted.
On the voyage, Connie initially treats him with contempt, assuming that he is just the latest in a long line of fortune hunters after her money, but Bill gradually overcomes her suspicions.
Complications arise when Connie and Bill actually fall in love.
They get married, but Gladys decides that she prefers Bill to a marriage-averse newspaperman and interrupts their honeymoon to reclaim her husband.
Bill reveals that he found out that Gladys' Yucatán divorce was not valid, but Gladys states she got a second divorce in Reno, so she and Bill are actually man and wife.
Fortunately, Connie and Bill manage to show Gladys that she really loves Warren.
During the Great Depression, Longfellow Deeds (Gary Cooper), the co-owner of a tallow works, part-time greeting card poet, and tuba-playing inhabitant of the (fictional) hamlet of Mandrake Falls, Vermont, inherits 20 million dollars from his late uncle, Martin Semple.
Semple's scheming attorney, John Cedar (Douglass Dumbrille), locates Deeds and takes him to New York City.
Cedar gives his cynical troubleshooter, ex-newspaperman Cornelius Cobb (Lionel Stander), the task of keeping reporters away from Deeds.
Cobb is outfoxed, however, by star reporter Louise "Babe" Bennett (Jean Arthur), who appeals to Deeds' romantic fantasy of rescuing a damsel in distress by masquerading as a poor worker named Mary Dawson.
She pretends to faint from exhaustion after "walking all day to find a job" and worms her way into his confidence.
Bennett proceeds to write a series of enormously popular articles mocking Longfellow's hick ways and odd behavior, giving him the nickname "Cinderella Man".
Cedar tries to get Deeds' power of attorney in order to keep his own financial misdeeds secret.
Deeds, however, proves to be a shrewd judge of character, easily fending off Cedar and other greedy opportunists.
He wins Cobb's wholehearted respect and eventually Babe's love.
She quits her job in shame, but before she can tell Deeds the truth about herself, Cobb finds it out and tells Deeds.
Deeds, who has been in love with her, is left heartbroken, and in disgust he decides to return to Mandrake Falls.
After he has packed and is about leave, a dispossessed farmer (John Wray) stomps into his mansion and threatens him with a gun.
He expresses his scorn for the seemingly heartless, ultra-rich man, who will not lift a finger to help the multitudes of desperate poor.
After the intruder comes to his senses, Deeds realizes what he can do with his troublesome fortune.
He decides to provide fully equipped 10-acre farms free to thousands of homeless families if they will work the land for three years.
Alarmed at the prospect of losing control of the fortune, Cedar joins forces with Deeds' only other relative (and the man's grasping, domineering wife) in seeking to have Deeds declared mentally incompetent.
Along with Babe's betrayal, this finally breaks Deeds' spirit and he sinks into a deep depression.
A sanity hearing is scheduled to determine who should control the Deeds' fortune.
During the hearing.
Cedar calls an expert who diagnoses manic depression based on Babe's articles and Deeds' current behavior; he gets Deeds' Mandrake Falls tenants, eccentric elderly sisters Jane and Amy Faulkner (Margaret Seddon and Margaret McWade), to testify that Deeds is "pixilated".
Deeds is too depressed to defend himself and the situation looks bleak when Babe finally speaks up passionately on his behalf, castigating herself for what she did to him.
When he realizes that she truly loves him, he begins speaking, systematically punching holes in Cedar's case—when he asks the Faulkners who else is pixilated, they reply, "Why everyone, but us"—before actually punching Cedar in the face.
In the end the judge declares him to be "the sanest man who ever walked into this courtroom".
Jerry Warriner (Cary Grant) returns home from a trip, which he falsely says was to Florida, to find that his wife, Lucy (Irene Dunne), is not at home.
When she returns in the company of her handsome music teacher, Armand Duvalle (Alexander D'Arcy), Jerry learns that Lucy spent the night in the country with Armand, after his car, they claim, broke down unexpectedly.
Lucy then discovers that Jerry did not actually go to Florida, though he went so far as to get an artificial tan and write multiple fake letters home to convince her that he did.
Mutual suspicions result in divorce.
During the divorce proceedings, Lucy moves into an apartment with her Aunt Patsy (Cecil Cunningham) and becomes engaged to a neighbor, Oklahoma native Dan Leeson (Ralph Bellamy), while Jerry is seen on a date with singer Dixie Belle Lee (Joyce Compton).
However, Leeson's mother (Esther Dale) does not approve of her.
Eventually, Lucy realizes that she still loves Jerry and decides to break off the engagement.
However, before she can inform Dan, Armand shows up at her apartment to discuss Jerry's earlier interruption of Lucy's singing recital.
When Jerry knocks on the door, Armand decides it would be prudent to hide in the bedroom.
Jerry wants to reconcile, much to Lucy's delight, but then Dan and his mother make an appearance.
Wanting to avoid complications, Jerry slips into Lucy's bedroom, too.
A fight erupts when he finds Armand already there.
When Jerry chases Armand out of the apartment in front of the Leesons, Dan and his mother stalk out.
Afterwards, Jerry is seen around town with heiress Barbara Vance (Molly Lamont).
To break up this relationship, on the night before the final divorce decree, Lucy crashes a party at the Vance mansion, pretending to be Jerry's sister.
She acts like a showgirl (recreating a risqué musical number she had seen performed by Dixie Belle) and lets on that Jerry's father ("their" father) had been a gardener at Princeton University, not a student athlete as Jerry had claimed.
Realizing that his chances with Barbara have been effectively sabotaged, Jerry drives Lucy away in her car.
Motorcycle policemen stop them on the road, and Lucy, plotting to spend more time with Jerry, wrecks the car.
The couple get a lift to her aunt's cabin from the policemen.
Once there, Jerry admits having made a fool of himself and the Warriners are happily reconciled, just before the clock strikes midnight.
Three Russians, Iranov (Sig Ruman), Buljanov (Felix Bressart), and Kopalsky (Alexander Granach), are in Paris to sell jewelry confiscated from the aristocracy during the Russian Revolution of 1917.
Upon arrival, they meet Count Leon d'Algout (Melvyn Douglas), on a mission from the Russian Grand Duchess Swana (Ina Claire), who wants to retrieve her jewelry before it is sold.
He corrupts them and talks them into staying in Paris.
The Soviet Union then sends Nina Ivanovna "Ninotchka" Yakushova (Greta Garbo), a special envoy whose goal is to go through with the jewelry sale and bring back the three men.
Rigid and stern at first, she slowly becomes seduced by the West and the Count, who falls in love with her.
The three Russians also accommodate themselves to capitalism, but the last joke of the film is that one of them carries a sign protesting that the other two are unfair to him.
The comedian Alvy Singer (Woody Allen) is trying to understand why his relationship with Annie Hall (Diane Keaton) ended a year ago.
Growing up in New York, he vexed his mother with impossible questions about the emptiness of existence, but he was precocious about his innocent sexual curiosity.
Annie and Alvy, in a line for The Sorrow and the Pity, overhear another man deriding the work of Federico Fellini and Marshall McLuhan; McLuhan himself steps in at Alvy's invitation to criticize the man's comprehension.
That night, Annie shows no interest in sex with Alvy.
Instead, they discuss his first wife (Carol Kane), whose ardor gave him no pleasure.
His second marriage was to a New York writer who didn't like sports and was unable to reach orgasm.
With Annie, it is different.
The two of them have fun making a meal of boiled lobster together.
He teases her about the unusual men in her past.
He met her playing tennis doubles with friends.
Following the game, awkward small talk led her to offer him first a ride up town and then a glass of wine on her balcony.
There, what seemed a mild exchange of trivial personal data is revealed in "mental subtitles" as an escalating flirtation.
Their first date follows Annie's singing audition for a night club ("It Had to be You").
He suggests they kiss first, to get it out of the way.
After their lovemaking that night, Alvy is "a wreck", while she relaxes with a joint.
Soon Annie admits she loves him, while he buys her books on death and says that his feelings for her are more than just love.
When she moves in with him, things become very tense.
Eventually, he finds her arm in arm with one of her college professors and the two begin to argue whether this is the "flexibility" they had discussed.
They eventually break up, and he searches for the truth of relationships, asking strangers on the street about the nature of love, questioning his formative years, until he casts himself in Snow White opposite Annie's Evil Queen.
Alvy returns to dating, but the effort is marred by neurosis, bad sex, and finally an interruption from Annie, who insists he come over immediately.
It turns out she needs him to kill a spider.
A reconciliation follows, coupled with a vow to stay together come what may.
However, their separate discussions with their therapists make it evident there is an unspoken divide.
When Alvy accepts an offer to present an award on television, they fly out to Los Angeles, with Alvy's friend, Rob (Tony Roberts).
However, on the return trip, they agree that their relationship is not working.
After losing her to her record producer, Tony Lacey (Paul Simon), he unsuccessfully tries rekindling the flame with a marriage proposal.
Back in New York, he stages a play of their relationship but changes the ending: now she accepts.
The last meeting for them is a wistful coda on New York's Upper West Side, when they have both moved on to someone new.
Alvy's voice returns with a summation: love is essential, especially if it is neurotic.
Annie sings "Seems Like Old Times" and the credits roll.
Doris Attinger (Judy Holliday) follows her husband (Tom Ewell) with a gun one day after suspecting he is having an affair with another woman (Jean Hagen).
In her rage, she fires at the couple multiple times.
One of the bullets hits her husband in the shoulder.
The following morning, married lawyers Adam and Amanda Bonner (Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn) read about the incident in the newspaper.
They argue over the case.
Amanda sympathizes with the woman, particularly noting the double standard that exists for men and women regarding adultery.
Adam thinks Doris is guilty of attempted murder.
When Adam arrives at work, he learns that he has been assigned to prosecute the case.
When Amanda hears this, she seeks out Doris and becomes her defense lawyer.
Amanda bases her case on the belief that women and men are equal, and that Doris had been forced into the situation through her husband's poor treatment of her.
Adam thinks Amanda is showing a disregard for the law, since there should never be an excuse for such behavior.
Tension increasingly builds at home as the two battle each other in court.
The situation comes to a head when Adam feels humiliated during the trial when Amanda encourages one of her witnesses, a woman weightlifter, to lift him overhead.
Adam, still angry, later storms out of their apartment.
When the verdict for the trial is returned, Amanda's plea to the jury to "judge this case as you would if the sexes were reversed" proves successful, and Doris is acquitted.
That night, Adam sees Amanda and their neighbor Kip Lurie (David Wayne), who has shown a clear interest in Amanda, through the window.
He breaks into the apartment, pointing a gun at the pair.
Amanda is horrified, and says to Adam, "You've no right to do this -- nobody does.
" Adam feels he has proven his point about the injustice of Amanda's line of defense.
He then puts the gun in his mouth.
Amanda and Kip scream in terror.
Adam then bites down on the gun and chews off a piece; it is made of licorice.
Amanda is furious with this prank, and a three-way fight ensues.
Adam and Amanda, in the midst of a divorce, reluctantly reunite for a meeting with their tax accountant.
They talk about their relationship in the past tense.
They become emotional when talking about the farm they own and realize how much they love each other.
They go to the farm, where Adam announces that he has been selected as the Republican nominee for County Court Judge.
Amanda jokes about running for the post as the Democratic candidate.
In early September 1962 in Modesto, California, on the last evening of summer vacation, recent high school graduates and longtime friends, Curt Henderson and Steve Bolander, meet John Milner, the drag-racing king of the town, and Terry "The Toad" Fields in the parking lot of the local Mel's Drive-In diner.
Curt and Steve are scheduled to travel the next morning to Northeastern United States to start college.
Despite receiving a $2,000 scholarship from the local Moose Lodge, Curt has second thoughts about leaving Modesto.
Steve gives Toad his 1958 Chevrolet Impala to watch while he's away at college until he returns at Christmas.
Steve's girlfriend, Laurie, who is also Curt's sister, arrives in her car.
Steve suggests to Laurie, who is already glum about him going to college, that they see other people while he is away in order to "strengthen" their relationship.
Though not openly upset, she is displeased with his proposal which affects their interactions the rest of the evening.
Curt accompanies Steve, last year's high school student class president, and Laurie, the current head cheerleader, to the back-to-high-school sock hop.
In one story line, Curt is desperate to find a beautiful blonde girl driving a white 1956 Ford Thunderbird that he sees en route to the dance: at a stoplight, she appears to say "I love you" before disappearing around the corner.
After leaving the hop, Curt is coerced by a group of greasers ("The Pharaohs") to participate in an initiation rite that involves hooking a chain to a police car and ripping out its back axle.
The Pharaohs tell Curt that "The Blonde" is a trophy wife or prostitute, but he refuses to believe either.
Determined to get a message to the blonde girl, Curt drives to the local radio station to ask DJ Wolfman Jack, who is omnipresent on the car radios, to announce a message for the blonde girl.
Inside the radio station, Curt encounters a bearded man who tells him that the voice of The Wolfman is pre-taped from afar.
The man still accepts the message from Curt to see what he could do.
As he is leaving the station, Curt sees the man talking into the microphone and hears the voice of The Wolfman, and realizes the man is the actual DJ himself.
Sure enough, The Wolfman eventually reads the message on the radio for "The Blonde" to meet Curt or call him at a number which happens to be a telephone booth.
Curt waits by the telephone booth and early the next morning, he is awakened by the phone ringing.
It turns out to be "The Blonde" who says she knows him and maybe she would see him cruising the coming night.
Curt replies probably not, intimating that he decided to go to college and will be leaving that morning.
Meanwhile The Toad, in Steve's car, and John, in his yellow 1932 Deuce Coupé hot rod, cruise the strip of Modesto.
Toad, who is normally socially inept with girls, successfully picks up a flirtatious, and somewhat rebellious, girl named Debbie.
John inadvertently picks up Carol, an annoying teenybopper who seems fond of him.
Another drag racer, the handsome and arrogant Bob Falfa, is searching out John in order to challenge him to a race.
Steve and Laurie have a series of arguments and make-ups through the evening.
They finally split and, as the story lines intertwine, Bob Falfa picks up Laurie in his black 1955 Chevrolet One-Fifty Coupé.
Bob finally finds John and goads him into racing.
A parade of cars follow them to "Paradise Road" to watch the race.
Laurie rides shotgun with Bob as Toad starts the race.
As Bob begins taking a lead in the race, he loses control of the car when a front tire blows, and the car plunges into a ditch and rolls over.
Steve and John leap out of their cars and rush to the wreck as a dazed Bob and Laurie stagger out of the car before it explodes.
Distraught, Laurie grips Steve tightly and begs him not to leave her.
He assures her that he will stay in Modesto.
At the airfield in the morning, Curt says goodbye to his parents, his sister Laurie, Steve, John and The Toad.
As the plane takes off, Curt, gazing out of the window, sees the white Ford Thunderbird belonging to the mysterious blonde driving down a country road.
An on-screen epilogue reveals that John was killed by a drunk driver in December 1964, Toad was reported missing in action near An Lộc in December 1965, Steve is an insurance agent in Modesto, California, and Curt is a writer living in Canada.
Harry Tasker leads a double life; while his wife Helen and daughter Dana believe him to be a run-of-the-mill computer salesman, he is actually a black operative for a covert counter-terrorism task force known as Omega Sector.
Harry and his partners Albert "Gib" Gibson and Faisal infiltrate a private function in Switzerland, where they learn of the existence of a Palestinian terrorist group known as the Crimson Jihad, led by Salim Abu Aziz.
Harry suspects that antiques dealer Juno Skinner has ties to Aziz, and visits her undercover as a corporate art consultant.
Though the initial investigation proves fruitless, Aziz correctly identifies Harry as a spy and tries to kill him.
Harry kills two of Aziz's men and pursues the leader through the streets of Washington,C, but loses him on a rooftop.
As a result, Harry misses the birthday party that Helen and Dana had arranged for him.
Harry heads to Helen's office the next day to surprise her for lunch, but overhears her talking on the phone to a man named Simon.
He uses Omega Sector resources to learn that Simon is a used car salesman, pretending to be a secret agent as a means to seduce Helen.
While masked, Harry and a team of agents kidnap Helen while she is at Simon's trailer and frighten the latter into staying away from her.
Using a voice masking device, Harry interrogates Helen and learns that, due to his constant absence, she is desperately seeking adventure.
Harry thus arranges for Helen to participate in a staged spy mission, where she is to seduce a mysterious figure in his hotel room and plant a bug on his phone.
The figure turns out to be Harry, who hopes to surprise Helen.
However, things take a turn for the worse when Aziz's men burst in, kidnap the couple, and take them to an island in the Florida Keys.
Aziz reveals he has smuggled stolen nuclear warheads into the country via antique statues shipped by Juno, and threatens to detonate them in majorS.
cities unless theS.
military withdraws from the Persian Gulf.
He then orders the couple to be tortured; Harry (under a truth serum) reveals his double life to an understandably shocked Helen.
The couple stage an escape, Harry fighting off Aziz's men with an improvised flamethrower.
Aziz preps one of the warheads to detonate in ninety minutes, and loads the rest onto trucks to be taken elsewhere.
During the ensuing chaos, Helen is captured by Juno and taken with the convoy on the Overseas Highway.
Having tracked Harry via Helen's tracker, he is rescued by agents led by Gib and together they begin pursuit the convoy, sending two Harrier Jump Jets.
The jets destroy part of the bridge to cut off the trucks' escape route, and Harry rescues Helen from Juno's limo before it careens into the ocean below.
Upon safely returning to the mainland, they learn that Aziz and his men have taken control of a Miami skyscraper via helicopter and have kidnapped Dana, threatening to detonate the remaining bomb.
Harry commandeers one of the jets to rescue his daughter.
Faisal poses as part of a news team requested by Aziz, providing enough distraction for Dana to steal the ignition key and flee the room.
Aziz chases Dana onto a tower crane when Harry arrives.
Harry is able to rescue Dana while he and Aziz struggle in the cockpit.
Aziz becomes ensnared on the end of one of the plane's missiles, which Harry fires at the passing terrorist helicopter — destroying it and the remaining bomb on board.
Harry, Helen, and Dana are then safely reunited.
A year later, the Tasker's family integrity has been restored, and it is revealed that Helen has become another Omega Sector agent.
Harry and Helen are called to embark on a new mission together at a formal party, where they encounter Simon attempting to seduce one of the female guests.
Helen and Harry intimidate Simon into fleeing, and the film ends with the couple dancing the tango (as Harry and Juno did at the beginning of the film) in celebration while Gib complains about always being stuck in the surveillance van.
Bridget not only obsesses about her love life, but also details her various daily struggles with her weight, her over-indulgence in alcohol and cigarettes, and her career.
Bridget's friends and family are the supporting characters in her diary.
These friends are there for her unconditionally throughout the novel; they give her advice about her relationships, and support when problems arise.
Her friends are essentially her surrogate family in London.
Bridget's parents live outside of the city, and while they play a lesser role than her friends, they are important figures in Bridget's life.
Her mother is an overconfident, doting woman who is constantly trying to marry Bridget off to a rich, handsome man; and her father is considerably more down-to-earth, though he is sometimes driven into uncharacteristically unstable states of mind by his wife.
Bridget often visits her parents, as well as her parents' friends, primarily Geoffrey and Una Alconbury; Geoffrey creates a mildly uncomfortable situation for Bridget by insisting she call him "Uncle Geoffrey" despite his propensity for groping her rear end whenever they meet.
In these situations, Bridget is often plagued with that perennial question "How's your love life.
" and exposed to the eccentricities of middle class British society, manifested in turkey curry buffets and tarts and vicars parties at which the women wear sexually provocative ("tart") costumes, while the men dress as Anglican priests ("vicars").
The novel is based on Pride and Prejudice.
In the 1920s, Sean Thornton (John Wayne), an Irish-born American from Pittsburgh, travels to Ireland to reclaim his family's farm and his birthplace in Inisfree.
He meets and falls in love with the fiery Mary Kate Danaher (Maureen O'Hara), the sister of the bullying, loud-mouthed landowner Squire "Red" Will Danaher (Victor McLaglen).
Danaher, who had wanted the farm himself, is angry that the Widow Tillane (herself angered by Danaher's admission that he had discussed her in the local pub) accepts Sean's bid, and retaliates by refusing consent for his sister to marry.
Several town locals, including the Catholic priest, Father Lonergan (Ward Bond), conspire to trick him into believing that the wealthy Widow Tillane (Mildred Natwick) wants to marry him, but only if Mary Kate is no longer living in his house.
After learning the truth on Sean and Mary Kate's wedding day, an enraged Will refuses to give his sister her dowry which is made up of a large sum of money and her family possessions passed down from her mother.
Sean, unschooled in Irish customs, cares nothing about the dowry, but to Mary Kate the dowry represents her independence, identity, and pride.
She feels passionately and intensely that the dowry is hers and is needed to validate her marriage to Sean.
Angered and shamed by Sean's refusal to confront her brother and demand what is legally hers, she brands him a coward, and, despite living together, they are quickly estranged as husband and wife.
In the morning they find that others in the village had visited Will and pressured him to return Mary Kate's furniture, but not her money.
Sean had been a boxer in the United States, a heavyweight challenger known as "Trooper Thorn".
After accidentally killing an opponent in the ring, Sean hung up his gloves, vowing never to fight again.
This is known to only one person in the village, the Church of Ireland minister, the Rev.
Playfair (Arthur Shields), who once upon a time had been the lightweight champion and so understands Thornton's internal conflict over the fight.
In an attempt to force Sean to confront Will, Mary Kate leaves him and boards a train departing Castletown and headed to Dublin.
Sean hears that she left for the station and drags her off the train.
Followed by the crowding townspeople, he forces her to walk with him the five miles back to Inisfree and directly to the Danaher farm.
Sean demands that Will hand over her dowry.
When Will refuses, he throws Mary Kate back at Will, saying that "no dowry, no marriage" is their custom not his, shocking the two and shaming Will into finally paying the monetary part of his sister's dowry.
Sean promptly throws the money into a nearby furnace which Mary Kate holds open, showing that Mary Kate never cared about the money, but only what it represented.
After a proud Mary Kate announces so all can hear, that she will now return home to prepare his supper, and departs, Will punches Sean, and a long, memorable fistfight ensues between the two, drawing crowds from miles around.
They slug it out through the village, stop for a drink, brawl again, then, somewhat drunk, admit grudging mutual respect and the two return to Sean and Mary Kate's home for supper, where it is implied the rift is healed.
Sean regains Mary Kate's love and respect.
In the aftermath it is shown that Will and the Widow Tillane begin courting, and "peace is returned to Inisfree".
Joanna Drayton's (Katharine Houghton) unannounced early return from a Hawaiian vacation causes a stir when she brings her new fiancé to her childhood upper-class home in San Francisco.
He is John Prentice (Sidney Poitier): a widowed, black physician.
Joanna's parents&mdash;newspaper publisher Matt Drayton (Spencer Tracy) and his wife art gallery owner Christina Drayton (Katharine Hepburn)&mdash;are purported liberals who have instilled in her the idea of racial equality.
But although they try to hide it, Joanna's parents and in particular her father are initially upset that she is planning to marry a black man.
The Draytons' black maid, Tillie (Isabel Sanford), is even more horrified, suspecting that John is trying to "get above himself" by marrying a white woman.
Joanna is oblivious to the reactions of her parents.
They are unsettled by her engagement with John since they never thought that her choice would be a black man, and further unsettled by John's decision that if Joanna's parents do not accept the engagement that day, that he will end it.
Adding to the situation is that Joanna, at first intending to join John in a few weeks in Geneva for their planned marriage ceremony, has changed her mind to leave after dinner on his flight to New York City and then onward to Europe.
She has also invited John's parents (Roy Glenn and Beah Richards) to dinner so that they can all become acquainted.
Due to this invitation, what was intended to be a sit-down steak dinner for two turns into a meet-the-in-laws dinner party.
Furthermore, John is forced to reveal that he had not yet told his parents of his intention to marry a white girl.
Matt's golf buddy Monsignor Mike Ryan (Cecil Kellaway), a Catholic priest, stops by after Matt earlier cancelled on playing golf.
After learning of John, he shares Joanna's enthusiasm for the pending nuptials and tells her father as much.
Matt says he cannot give the couple his blessing however; he fears that Joanna will be hurt by the prejudice that she and John will surely encounter.
Meanwhile, one of Christina's employees at her gallery, Hilary (Virginia Christine), who'd briefly met John and Joanna earlier in the day, stops by the Draytons' home to express her disapproval over the relationship and, though Christina herself is still unsure of her own feelings about the matter, she is so offended at Hilary's racism that she fires her on the spot.
Later, when dressing for dinner, Christina shares with Matt her support for Joanna, even if it should mean having to fight her husband.
Cocktails at the Drayton home is musical chairs of different sets of parental characters who share their views about the situation; it shows that the mothers have more faith in their children than the fathers.
Universally, it had been expressed by the parents that more than a few hours are necessary for a proper decision, but John's mother brings up her idea of what the men are missing about the situation: passion.
When the elder Prentice tells John that he is making a huge mistake, John says that his father thinks of himself as a black man, whereas John thinks of himself as a man.
mrs Prentice tells Matt that he and her husband, in growing old, have forgotten what it's like to feel romantic passion.
If they remembered, they would see that in their children as being more important than any racial problem.
After thinking about the situation, and his conversation with mrs Prentice in particular, Matt calls everyone together to make an announcement.
He says that it does not matter what everyone else may think about John and Joanna getting married: all that matters is that they love each other.
The film ends with the two families and Monsignor Ryan finally sitting down to dinner.
Stage and screen star Tony Hunter, a veteran of musical comedy, is concerned that his career might be in decline.
His good friends Lester and Lily Marton have written a stage show that they believe is perfect for his comeback.
Tony signs up, despite misgivings after the pretentious director, Jeffrey Cordova, changes the light comedy into a dark reinterpretation of the Faust legend, with himself as the Devil and Tony as the Faust character.
Tony also feels intimidated by the youth, beauty, and classical background of his female co-star, noted ballerina Gabrielle "Gaby" Gerard.
Unbeknownst to him, she is just as insecure in his presence, awed by his long stardom.
Eventually, it all proves too much for Tony.
He walks out, but Gaby speaks with him alone and they work out their differences.
They also begin to fall in love, though she already has a commitment to the show's choreographer Paul Byrd.
When the first out-of-town tryout in New Haven proves to be a disaster, Tony persuades Jeffrey to let him convert the production back into what the Martons had originally envisioned.
Tony takes charge of the production, taking the show on tour to perfect the new lighthearted musical numbers.
Since the original backers have walked out, Tony finances it by selling his personal art collection.
Byrd walks out, but Gaby remains.
The revised show proves to be a hit on its Broadway opening.
Afterwards, Gaby and Tony confess their love for each other.
David Huxley (Cary Grant) is a mild-mannered paleontologist.
For the past four years, he has been trying to assemble the skeleton of a Brontosaurus but is missing one bone: the "intercostal clavicle".
Adding to his stress is his impending marriage to the dour Alice Swallow (Virginia Walker) and the need to impress Elizabeth Random (May Robson), who is considering a million-dollar donation to his museum.
The day before his wedding, David meets Susan Vance (Katharine Hepburn) by chance on a golf course.
She is a free-spirited young lady, and (unknown to him at first) mrs Random's niece.
Susan's brother, Mark, has sent her a tame leopard from Brazil named Baby (Nissa) to give to their aunt.
(The leopard is native to Africa and Asia but not to South America) Susan thinks David is a zoologist (rather than a paleontologist), and persuades David to go to her country home in Connecticut to help bring up Baby (which includes singing "I Can't Give You Anything But Love" to soothe the leopard).
Complications arise since Susan has fallen in love with David and tries to keep him at her house as long as possible to prevent his marriage.
David finally receives the intercostal clavicle, but Susan's dog George (Asta) takes it out of its box and buries it.
Susan's aunt, Elizabeth Random, arrives.
The dowager is unaware of David's identity, since Susan has introduced him as "Mr.
Bone".
Baby and George run off, and Susan and David mistake a dangerous leopard who was being driven to be euthanized from a nearby circus (also portrayed by Nissa) for Baby, and let it out of the cage.
After considerable running around, David and Susan are jailed by a befuddled town policeman, Constable Slocum (Walter Catlett), for breaking into the house of dr Fritz Lehman (Fritz Feld) (where they had cornered the circus leopard).
When Slocum does not believe their story, Susan tells him they are members of the "Leopard Gang"; she calls herself "Swingin' Door Susie", and David "Jerry the Nipper".
David fails to convince the constable that Susan makes things up "from motion pictures she's seen".
Eventually, Alexander Peabody (George Irving) shows up to verify everyone's identity.
Susan, who during a police interview contrived to sneak out a window, unwittingly drags the irritated circus leopard into the jail.
David saves her, using a chair to shoo the big cat into a cell.
Some time later Susan finds David, who has just been jilted by Alice because of her, on a high platform at his brontosaurus reconstruction at the museum.
After showing him the missing bone which she'd found by trailing George for three days, Susan, against his warnings, climbs a tall ladder next to the dinosaur to be closer to him.
She tells David that her Aunt has given her the million dollars, and she wants to donate it to the museum, but David is more interested in telling her that the day spent with her was the best day of his life.
Unconsciously swaying the ladder from side to side upon hearing David's further words of endearment and love, Susan tells him that she loves him too, then notices that the ladder is on the verge of falling over.
Frightened, she climbs onto and over the skeleton, but just before the dinosaur bones collapse David grabs her hand, she dangles below him, and he lifts her onto the platform.
Regrettably surveying the wreckage of his work, David soon accepts the destruction and chaos, gives in, and hugs and kisses Susan.
The Little Tramp first meets the Flower Girl, and discovers she is blind when she cannot find a dropped flower.
That evening, the Tramp runs into a drunken millionaire who is attempting suicide on the waterfront.
He takes the Tramp back to his mansion and gives him a change of clothes.
Early the next morning, they return to the mansion and encounter the Flower Girl en route to her vending spot.
The Tramp asks The Millionaire for some money, which he uses to buy all the girl's flowers and then drives her home in the Millionaire's car.
After he leaves, the Flower Girl tells her grandmother (Florence Lee) about her wealthy acquaintance.
When the Tramp returns to the mansion, the Millionaire has sobered-up and does not remember him, so he has the butler order him out.
Later that day, the Millionaire meets the Tramp again while intoxicated and invites him home for a lavish party.
The next morning, having sobered again and planning to leave for a cruise, the Millionaire again has the Tramp tossed out.
Returning to the Flower Girl's apartment, the Tramp spies her being attended by a doctor.
Deciding to take a job to earn money for her, he becomes a street sweeper.
Meanwhile, the grandmother receives a notice that she and the girl will be evicted if they cannot pay their back rent by the next day, but she hides it.
The Tramp visits the girl on his lunch break and sees a newspaper story about a Viennese doctor who has devised an operation that cures blindness.
He then finds the eviction notice and reads it aloud at the girl's request.
He reassures her that he will pay the rent.
But he returns to work late and is fired.
As he is walking away, a boxer persuades him to stage a fake fight, promising to split the $50 prize money.
Just before the bout, however, the man receives a telegram warning him that the police are after him.
He flees, leaving the Tramp a no-nonsense replacement opponent.
Despite a valiant effort, the Tramp is knocked out.
Some time later, he meets the drunken millionaire who has just returned from Europe.
The Millionaire takes him to the mansion, and after he hears the girl's plight, he gives the Tramp $1,000 to give to the girl for her operation.
Unbeknownst to the Millionaire and the Tramp, two burglars were hiding in the house when they entered.
Upon hearing about the cash, they knock out the millionaire and take the rest of his money.
The Tramp telephones for the police, but the robbers flee before they arrive, and the butler assumes he stole the money.
The Millionaire cannot remember the Tramp or giving him the $1,000.
The Tramp narrowly escapes and gives the money to the girl, saying he will be going away for a while.
Later, he is arrested in front of the newsboys who taunted him earlier, and he is then jailed.
Months later, the Tramp is released.
Searching for the girl, he returns to her customary street corner but does not find her.
With her sight restored, the girl has opened up a flourishing flower shop with her grandmother.
When a rich customer comes into the shop, the girl briefly wonders if he is her mysterious benefactor.
But when he leaves with no acknowledgement, she realizes again she is wrong.
While retrieving a flower from the gutter outside the shop, the Tramp is again tormented by the two newsboys.
As he turns to leave, he finds himself staring at the girl through the window.
His despair turns to elation and he forgets about the flower.
Seeing that he has crushed the flower he retrieved, the girl kindly offers him a fresh one and a coin.
Embarrassed, the Tramp tries to shuffle away, but the girl stops him and hands him the flower, which he shyly takes.
When the girl takes hold of his hand to place the coin in it, she recognizes the touch of his hand and realizes he is no stranger.
"You.
" she says, and he nods, asking, "You can see now.
" She tearfully replies, "Yes, I can see now", and holds the Tramp's hand close to her chest.
Tearful and elated, the Tramp smiles at the girl shyly as the film fades to black.
John Sullivan (Joel McCrea) is a popular young Hollywood director of profitable but shallow comedies (eg.
Ants in Your Plants).
Sullivan is dissatisfied despite his success and tells his studio boss, mr Lebrand (Robert Warwick) that he wants his next project to be a serious exploration of the plight of the downtrodden.
He asks to make his next film an adaptation of O Brother, Where Art Thou.
, a socially-conscious novel.
Lebrand wants him to direct another lucrative comedy instead, but the idealistic Sullivan refuses to give in.
He wants to "know trouble" first-hand, and plans to travel as a tramp so he can return and make a film that depicts the sorrows of humanity.
His butler (Robert Greig) and valet (Eric Blore) openly question the wisdom of his plan.
Sullivan dresses as a penniless hobo and takes to the road, followed by a fully staffed double-decker coach at Lebrand's request.
Neither party is happy with the arrangement; and Sullivan eventually persuades his guardians to leave him alone and arranges to rendezvous with them in Las Vegas later.
However, when he hitchhikes alone, he finds himself back in Los Angeles where he started.
There he meets a young failed actress (Veronica Lake, credited only as "The Girl") who is just about to quit the business and go home.
She believes he is truly a tramp, and buys him a breakfast of eggs and ham.
In return for her kindness, Sullivan retrieves his car from his estate and gives her a lift.
He neglects to tell his servants that he has returned; so they report the "theft" of the car and Sullivan and the Girl are apprehended by the police.
Upon their release, the Girl pushes him into his enormous swimming pool for deceiving her about his true identity.
However, after considering her options, she becomes his traveling companion.
This time Sullivan succeeds in living like a hobo.
After eating in soup kitchens and sleeping in homeless shelters with the Girl, Sullivan finally decides he has had enough.
His experiment is publicized by the studio as a huge success.
The Girl wants to stay with him, but is stymied by his complicated living situation.
On the advice of his business manager, Sullivan had gotten married to reduce his income tax.
Ironically, he discovers that his wife cost him double what he saved in taxes.
Sullivan decides to thank the homeless by handing out $5 bills, but one man, who had previously stolen his shoes, ambushes Sullivan and steals the money.
Sullivan is knocked unconscious and thrown onto a train boxcar leaving the city.
The thief drops the loose cash on the rails, getting run over and killed by another train while picking it up.
When the thief's body is found, they discover a special identification card in his shoes identifying him as Sullivan.
The mangled body is assumed to be Sullivan's, and his staff and the Girl are informed of his death.
Meanwhile, Sullivan wakes up in the rail yard of another city, with no memory of who he is or how he got there.
In his confused state, he assaults the railroad worker who finds him, for which he is sentenced to six years in a labor camp.
Sullivan slowly regains his memory.
While in the labor camp, Sullivan attends a showing of Walt Disney's Playful Pluto cartoon.
Looking at the pure joy in the audience's faces, Sullivan realizes that comedy can do more good for the poor than his proposed social drama, O Brother, Where Art Thou.
But Sullivan still has a problem – he cannot convince anybody that he is Sullivan.
Finally, he comes up with a solution: he confesses to being his own killer.
When his picture makes the front page of the newspapers, the Girl recognizes him and gets him released.
His "widow" had already taken up with his crooked business manager, so he can now divorce her and be reunited with the Girl.
A montage of happily laughing faces ends the film.
Giambattista Basile, an Italian soldier and government official, assembled a set of oral folk tales into a written collection titled Lo cunto de li cunti (The Story of Stories), or Pentamerone.
It included the tale of Cenerentola, which features a wicked stepmother and evil stepsisters, magical transformations, a missing slipper, and a hunt by a monarch for the owner of the slipper.
It was published posthumously in 1634.
Plot: One of the most popular versions of Cinderella was written in French by Charles Perrault in 1697, under the name Cendrillon.
The popularity of his tale was due to his additions to the story, including the pumpkin, the fairy-godmother and the introduction of "glass" slippers.
Plot:  The first moral of the story is that beauty is a treasure, but graciousness is priceless.
Without it, nothing is possible; with it, one can do anything.
However, the second moral of the story mitigates the first one and reveals the criticism that Perrault is aiming at: That "without doubt it is a great advantage to have intelligence, courage, good breeding, and common sense.
These, and similar talents come only from heaven, and it is good to have them.
However, even these may fail to bring you success, without the blessing of a godfather or a godmother".
Another well-known version was recorded by the German brothers Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm in the 19th century.
The tale is called "Aschenputtel" ("Cinderella" in English translations).
This version is much more intense than that of Perrault and Disney, in that Cinderella's father did not die and the step sisters cut off their own toes to fit in the golden slipper.
In addition, there is no fairy godmother, but rather help comes from a wishing tree that she planted on her mother's grave.
Plot:  Aschenputtel's relationship with her father in this version is ambiguous; Perrault's version states that the absent father is dominated by his second wife, explaining why he does not prevent the abuse of his daughter.
However, the father in this tale plays an active role in several scenes, and it is not explained why he tolerates the mistreatment of his child.
He also describes Aschenputtel as his "first wife's child" and not his own.
Villains: In some versions, her father plays an active role in the humiliation of his daughter; in others, he is secondary to his new wife, Cinderella's stepmother; in some versions, especially the popular Disney film, Cinderella's father has died and Cinderella's mother has died also.
Although many variants of Cinderella feature the wicked stepmother, the defining trait of type 510A is a female persecutor: in Fair, Brown and Trembling and Finette Cendron, the stepmother does not appear at all, and it is the older sisters who confine her to the kitchen.
In other fairy tales featuring the ball, she was driven from home by the persecutions of her father, usually because he wished to marry her.
Of this type (510B) are Cap O' Rushes, Catskin, All-Kinds-of-Fur, and Allerleirauh, and she slaves in the kitchen because she found a job there.
In Katie Woodencloak, the stepmother drives her from home, and she likewise finds such a job.
In La Cenerentola, Gioachino Rossini inverted the sex roles: Cenerentola is oppressed by her stepfather.
(This makes the opera Aarne-Thompson type 510B) He also made the economic basis for such hostility unusually clear, in that Don Magnifico wishes to make his own daughters' dowries larger, to attract a grander match, which is impossible if he must provide a third dowry.
Folklorists often interpret the hostility between the stepmother and stepdaughter as just such a competition for resources, but seldom does the tale make it clear.
Ball, Ballgown, and Curfew: The number of balls varies, sometimes one, sometimes two, and sometimes three.
The fairy godmother is Perrault's own addition to the tale.
The person who aided Cinderella (Aschenputtel) in the Grimms's version is her dead mother.
Aschenputtel requests her aid by praying at her grave, on which a tree is growing.
Helpful doves roosting in the tree shake down the clothing she needs for the ball.
This motif is found in other variants of the tale as well, such as The Cinder Maid, collected by Joseph Jacobs, and the Finnish The Wonderful Birch.
Playwright James Lapine incorporated this motif into the Cinderella plotline of the musical Into the Woods.
Giambattista Basile's Cenerentola combined them; the Cinderella figure, Zezolla, asks her father to commend her to the Dove of Fairies and ask her to send her something, and she receives a tree that will provide her clothing.
Other variants have her helped by talking animals, as in Katie Woodencloak, Rushen Coatie, Bawang Putih Bawang Merah, The Story of Tam and Cam, or The Sharp Grey Sheep—these animals often having some connection with her dead mother; in The Golden Slipper, a fish aids her after she puts it in water.
In "The Anklet", it's a magical alabaster pot the girl purchased with her own money that brings her the gowns and the anklets she wears to the ball.
Gioachino Rossini, having agreed to do an opera based on Cinderella if he could omit all magical elements, wrote La Cenerentola, in which she was aided by Alidoro, a philosopher and formerly the Prince's tutor.
The midnight curfew is also absent in many versions; Cinderella leaves the ball to get home before her stepmother and stepsisters, or she is simply tired.
In the Grimms' version, Aschenputtel slips away when she is tired, hiding on her father's estate in a tree, and then the pigeon coop, to elude her pursuers; her father tries to catch her by chopping them down, but she escapes.
Furthermore, the gathering need not be a ball; several variants on Cinderella, such as Katie Woodencloak and The Golden Slipper have her attend church.
In the three-ball version, Cinderella keeps a close watch on the time the first two nights and is able to leave without difficulty.
However, on the third (or only) night, she loses track of the time and must flee the castle before her disguise vanishes.
In her haste, she loses a glass slipper which the prince finds—or else the prince has carefully had her exit tarred, so as to catch her, and the slipper is caught in it.
The identifying item: The glass slipper is unique to Charles Perrault's version and its derivatives; in other versions of the tale it may be made of other materials (in the version recorded by the Brothers Grimm, German: Aschenbroedel and Aschenputtel, for instance, it is gold) and in still other tellings, it is not a slipper but an anklet, a ring, or a bracelet that gives the prince the key to Cinderella's identity.
In Rossini's opera "La Cenerentola" ("Cinderella"), the slipper is replaced by twin bracelets to prove her identity.
In the Finnish variant The Wonderful Birch the prince uses tar to gain something every ball, and so has a ring, a circlet, and a pair of slippers.
Interpreters unaware of the value attached to glass in 17th century France and perhaps troubled by sartorial impracticalities, have suggested that Perrault's "glass slipper" (pantoufle de verre) had been a "squirrel fur slipper" (pantoufle de vair) in some unidentified earlier version of the tale, and that Perrault or one of his sources confused the words; however, most scholars believe the glass slipper was a deliberate piece of poetic invention on Perrault's part.
The 1950 Disney adaptation takes advantage of the slipper being made of glass to add a twist whereby the slipper is shattered just before Cinderella has the chance to try it on, leaving her with only the matching slipper with which to prove her identity.
Another interpretation of verre/vair (glass/fur) suggested a sexual element—the Prince was 'trying on' the 'fur slipper' (vagina) of the maidens in the kingdom, as a 'Droit du seigneur' right of sexual possession of his subjects.
The disguised Cinderella's 'fur slipper' was of unique appeal to the Prince who sought her thereafter through sexual congress (a variety of sources including Joan Gould).
The translation of the story into cultures with different standards of beauty has left the significance of Cinderella's shoe size unclear, and resulted in the implausibility of Cinderella's feet being of a unique size for no particular reason.
Humorous retellings of the story sometimes use the twist of having the shoes turn out to also fit somebody completely unsuitable, such as an amorous old crone.
In Terry Pratchett's Witches Abroad, the witches accuse another witch of manipulating the events because it was a common shoe size, and she could only ensure that the right woman put it on if she already knew where she was and went straight to her.
In "When the Clock Strikes" (from Red As Blood), Tanith Lee had the sorcerous shoe alter shape whenever a woman tried to put it on, so it would not fit.
The Revelation: Cinderella's stepmother and stepsisters (in some versions just the stepsisters and, in some other versions, a stepfather and stepsisters) conspire to win the prince's hand for one of them.
In the German telling, the first stepsister fits into the slipper by cutting off a toe, but the doves in the hazel tree alert the prince to the blood dripping from the slipper, and he returns the false bride to her mother.
The second stepsister fits into the slipper by cutting off her heel, but the same doves give her away.
In many variants of the tale, the prince is told that Cinderella can not possibly be the one, as she is too dirty and ragged.
Often, this is said by the stepmother or stepsisters.
In the Grimms' version, both the stepmother and the father urge it.
The prince nevertheless insists on her trying.
Cinderella arrives and proves her identity by fitting into the slipper or other item (in some cases she has kept the other).
The Conclusion: In the German version of the story, the evil stepsisters are punished for their deception by having their eyes pecked out by birds.
In other versions, they are forgiven, and made ladies-in-waiting with marriages to lesser lords.
In The Thousand Nights and A Night, in a tale called "The Anklet", the stepsisters make a comeback by using twelve magical hairpins to turn the bride into a dove on her wedding night.
In The Wonderful Birch, the stepmother, a witch, manages to substitute her daughter for the true bride after she has given birth.
Such tales continue the fairy tale into what is in effect a second episode.
In an episode of Jim Henson's The Storyteller, writer Anthony Minghella merged the old folk tale Donkeyskin (also written by Perrault) with Cinderella to tell the tale of Sapsorrow, a girl both cursed and blessed by destiny.
Many popular new works based on the story feature one step-sister who is not as cruel to Cinderella as the other.
Examples are the film Ever After, Cinderella 3 and the Broadway revival.
Ever After (known in promotional material as Ever After: A Cinderella Story) is a 1998 American romantic comedy-drama film inspired by the fairy tale Cinderella, directed by Andy Tennant and starring Drew Barrymore, Anjelica Huston, and Dougray Scott.
The usual pantomime and comic/supernatural elements are removed and the story is instead treated as historical fiction, set in Renaissance-era France.
It is often seen as a modern, post-feminism interpretation of the Cinderella myth.
There is also Gregory Maguire's novel Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister, which gives the classic story from the view of one of the ugly stepsisters.
In this version, the Cinderella character is unusually beautiful, but also a shy enigma.
Her stepsister, though plain, is charming and intelligent.
The novel has themes much more adult than the traditional story.
Likewise there is a Marissa Meyer novel Cinder, which is set in a futuristic Beijing.
The Cinderella character, named Cinder, is a cyborg mechanic, who meets Prince Kaito.
Gail Carson Levine wrote Ella Enchanted, a story about how "Ella" is under a fairy curse of obedience (she does whatever someone tells her to).
A movie also has been made based on this book.
In 1982, Roald Dahl rewrote the story in a more modern and gruesome way in his book Revolting Rhymes.
In his book dr Gardner's Fairy Tales for Today's Children, dr Richard Gardener's story "Cinderelma" has the heroine Cinderelma and the prince re-unite, then mutually decide to separate.
Cinderelma then gets a job as a seamstress, later opens her own dress shop, and marries a young printer who owns the shop next door to hers.
In 1995, Richard Conlon's play Anastasia and Drizella was produced at Chicago's Temporary Theatre.
In it, Cinderella's step sister Anastasia gets a master's degree in finance, and her step sister Drizella gets a master's degree in chemical engineering.
When the prince tries to have Cinderella's step family beheaded, Anastasia buys the kingdom.
The prince and Cinderella get married, and spend the rest of their lives working as servants for Cinderella's step family, while the step sisters live happily ever after.
In the 2005 picture book Ella's Big Chance by Shirley Hughes, Ella is a dressmaker in her father's shop, and when the stepsisters arrive they appoint themselves as models.
Ella eventually chooses to marry Buttons, an employee in the shop, instead of the prince.
In Emily Short's 2006 interactive fiction short story Glass, it is Cinderella herself who has magical powers, and neither her stepmother nor her stepsisters are malicious.
The royal ambitions of the stepmother plays a small part in their attempt to deceive the prince, but more importantly they are trying to protect Cinderella from the law of the land, under which practicing magic is punishable by death.
In 2014, Bad Wolf Press published a musical version called Cinderella: A Modern Makeover, a fractured interpretation of the story featuring a more positive "blended family" home life as well as a heroine trying to get her dream job at the palace instead of a marriage proposal.
Also in 2014, Rae Magdon published an unusual retelling of the story in a novel titled The Second Sister, in which the protagonist, Ellie, is somewhat forced into stopping one of her step-sisters from enchanting the Prince and take over the entire Kingdom.
In order to do this, she receives the help of a shy maid, a friendly cook, a talking cat, and her mysterious second sister.
Anne Sexton wrote an adaptation as a poem called "Cinderella" in her collection Transformations (1971), a book in which she re-envisions sixteen of the Grimm's Fairy tales.
The Throne of Glass series, written by Sarah Maas, is inspired by the story of Cinderella.
Bridget Hodder has written The Rat Prince, a middle grade novel telling the Cinderella story from the point of view of one of Cinderella's rodent friends.
FSG/MacMillan is publishing the book August 23, 2016.
The following is the plot of the 1942 re-release:  Big Jim, a gold prospector during the Klondike Gold Rush, has just found an enormous gold deposit on his parcel of land when a blizzard strikes.
The Lone Prospector gets lost in the same blizzard while also prospecting for gold.
He stumbles into the cabin of Black Larsen, a wanted criminal.
Larsen tries to throw him out when Jim also stumbles inside.
Larsen tries to scare both out using his shotgun but is overpowered by Jim, and the three agree to an uneasy truce where they all can stay in the cabin.
When the storm is taking so long that food is running out, the three draw lots for who will have to go out into the blizzard to obtain some more.
Larsen loses and leaves the cabin.
While outside looking for food, he encounters Jim's gold deposit and decides to ambush him there when Jim returns.
Meanwhile, the two remaining in the cabin get so desperate that they cook and eat one of the Prospector's shoes.
Later, Jim gets delirious, imagines the Prospector as a giant chicken and attacks him.
At that moment, a bear enters the cabin and is killed, supplying them with food.
After the storm subsides, both leave the cabin, the Prospector continuing on to the next gold boom town while Jim returns to his gold deposit.
There, he is knocked out by Larsen with a shovel.
While fleeing with some of the mined gold, Larsen is swept to his death in an avalanche.
Jim recovers consciousness and wanders into the snow, but he has lost his memory from the blow.
When he returns to the town, his memory has been partly restored and he remembers that he had found a large gold deposit, that the deposit was close to a certain cabin and that he had stayed in the cabin with the Prospector.
But he knows neither the location of the deposit nor of the cabin.
So, he goes looking for the Prospector, hoping that he still knows the location of the cabin.
The Prospector arrives at the town and encounters Georgia, a dance hall girl.
To irritate Jack, a ladies' man who is making aggressive advances toward her and pestering her for a dance, she instead decides to dance with "the most deplorable looking tramp in the dance hall", the Prospector, who instantly falls in love with her.
After encountering each other again, she accepts his invitation for a New Year's Eve dinner, but does not take it seriously and soon forgets about it.
While waiting for her to arrive to the dinner, the Prospector imagines entertaining her with a dance of bread rolls on forks.
When she does not arrive until midnight, he walks alone through the streets, desperate.
At that moment, she remembers his invitation and decides to visit him.
Finding his home empty but seeing the meticulously prepared dinner and a present for her, she has a change of heart and prepares a note for him in which she asks to talk to him.
When the Prospector is handed the note, he goes searching for Georgia.
But at the same moment, Jim finds him and drags him away to go search for the cabin, giving the Prospector only enough time to shout to Georgia that he soon will return to her as a millionaire.
Jim and the Prospector find the cabin and stay for the night.
Overnight, another blizzard blows the cabin half over a cliff right next to Jim's gold deposit.
The next morning the cabin rocks dangerously over the cliff edge while the two try to escape.
At last Jim manages to get out and pull the Prospector to safety right when the cabin falls down the chasm.
One year later both have become wealthy.
But the Prospector was not able to find Georgia.
They return to the contiguous United States on a ship on which, unknown to them, Georgia is also travelling.
When the Prospector agrees to don his old clothes for a photograph, he falls down the stairs, encountering Georgia once more.
After she mistakes him for a stowaway and tries to save him from the ship's crew, the misunderstanding is cleared up and both are happily reunited.
Walter Burns (Cary Grant) is a hard-boiled editor for The Morning Post who learns his ex-wife and former star reporter, Hildegard "Hildy" Johnson (Rosalind Russell), is about to marry bland insurance man Bruce Baldwin (Ralph Bellamy) and settle down to a quiet life as a wife and mother in Albany, New York.
Walter determines to sabotage these plans, enticing the reluctant Hildy to cover one last story, the upcoming execution of convicted murderer Earl Williams (John Qualen).
Walter does everything he can to keep Hildy from leaving, including setting Bruce up so he gets arrested over and over again on trumped-up charges.
He even kidnaps Hildy's stern mother-in-law-to-be (Alma Kruger).
When Williams escapes from the bumbling sheriff (Gene Lockhart) and practically falls into Hildy's lap, the lure of a big scoop proves too much for her.
She is so consumed with writing the story that she hardly notices as Bruce realizes his cause is hopeless and returns to Albany.
The crooked mayor (Clarence Kolb) and sheriff need the publicity from the execution to keep their jobs in an upcoming election, so when a messenger (Billy Gilbert) brings them a reprieve from the governor, they try to bribe the man to go away and return later, when it will be too late.
Walter and Hildy find out in time to save Williams from the gallows and they use the information to blackmail the mayor and sheriff into dropping Walter's arrest for kidnapping.
Afterward, Walter offers to remarry Hildy, promising to take her on the honeymoon they never had in Niagara Falls, but then Walter learns that there is a newsworthy strike in Albany, which is on the way to Niagara Falls by train.
The story follows Jerry Welbach as he travels through Mexico to find a valuable antique gun, The Mexican, and smuggle it into the United States.
Five years earlier, Welbach had caused a traffic accident in which he hit the car of local mobster Arnold Margolese, who was jailed for five years after the police searched his car following the crash, finding someone tied up in his trunk.
In compensation for the jail time, Welbach has been sent on various errands by Margolese's prickly second-in-command, Bernie Nayman.
Retrieving the gun will be his final errand.
Welbach has a girlfriend, Samantha, with whom he argues constantly and who leaves Jerry prior to the trip over his lack of commitment to their relationship.
Jerry arrives in Mexico and makes his way to pick up Beck, the Margolese employee now in possession of the gun.
There, a drunken Beck tells Jerry about the gun's history as a suicide weapon used as part of a jilted love-triangle between a woman, a nobleman, and the son of the gunsmith who forged the weapon, as well as its curse to misfire.
Jerry helps Beck to his car, only for the man to be killed by celebratory gunfire from a nearby festival.
Panicked but determined, Jerry buries the body and then calls Bernie to report on the situation, only for his vehicle to be stolen while he makes the call, the gun still inside.
Jerry briefly has an uncooperative donkey as transportation to follow the thief, then buys an old, damaged truck.
Meanwhile, Samantha gets kidnapped by a hit man named Leroy, who tells her that Jerry hired him to make sure she is safe from anybody that wants her dead.
It is then revealed that Leroy is gay, which doesn't bother Samantha.
They pick up a postal worker named Frank, who then has a relationship with Leroy.
Another hitman follows them to Las Vegas and kills Frank to make it look like a suicide.
Leroy kills him in an act of vengeance, and flees with Samantha.
Jerry finds out that Ted, his friend and colleague, wanted to kill him and take the pistol to Margolese, but hesitated and ends up getting handcuffed to a pawnshop owner, after he received the gun from a policeman when Jerry was being interrogated for the bloodstain on the front passenger seat of his car.
Jerry then finds out he accidentally grabbed Ted's Passport and tries to retrieve his own, but Ted has already fled.
Jerry decides to pick up Samantha and Leroy at the airport, where Leroy recognizes him, but Jerry doesn't recognize Leroy.
Without a passport, Jerry is stuck in Mexico until further notice by the American Consulate.
After their car has a blowout, Jerry kills Leroy and finds out that he is one of Nayman's men named Winston Baldry, and that the real Leroy was the man Winston killed.
Samantha begins to realize that Leroy was not who he appeared to be when they first met.
Jerry realizes that Nayman's plan was to make it look like Jerry double crossed Margolese.
Shocked by this, Samantha decides to go home, but also decides to stay with Jerry to see the situation to the end.
Jerry gets assaulted and taken to Margolese who was released from prison a few days earlier.
He tells Jerry that he didn't double cross him as it was Bernie who wanted to sell the pistol to the highest bidder.
A gunsmith, who is the great-grandson of the gunsmith from the story, wanted to bring the pistol back to where it belongs.
He thanks Jerry for risking his life for the pistol he was going to give to his greedy boss.
Samantha gets kidnapped by Bernie in order to get the pistol from Margolese.
After opening the trunk to his car, she pulls the gun on Bernie, blaming him for ruining her life, where it ends in a Mexican standoff.
Samantha gets the upper hand and kills Bernie with the pistol he desperately needed.
Jerry and Samantha rekindle their romance and get married in Mexico, while Margolese finally gets his prize, as well as the gunsmith.
The film ends with Jerry and Samantha arguing over the story of The Mexican on their way to Vegas.
Jean Harrington (Barbara Stanwyck) is a beautiful con artist.
Along with her equally larcenous father, "Colonel" Harrington (Charles Coburn) and his partner Gerald (Melville Cooper), she is out to fleece rich, naive Charles Pike (Henry Fonda), the heir to the Pike Ale fortune ("The Ale That Won for Yale").
Pike is a woman-shy snake expert Ophidiologist, just returning from a year-long expedition up the Amazon.
Though surrounded by ladies desperate for his attention, Charles is putty in Jean's hands.
But even the best laid plans can go astray.
First, Jean falls hard for Pike and shields him from her card sharp father.
Then, when Pike's suspicious minder/valet Muggsy (William Demarest) discovers the truth about her and her father, Pike dumps her.
Furious at being scorned, she re-enters his life masquerading as the posh "Lady Eve Sidwich", niece of Sir Alfred McGlennan Keith (Eric Blore), another con man who's been swindling the rich folk of Connecticut.
Jean is determined to torment Pike mercilessly, as she explains, "I've got some unfinished business with him—I need him like the axe needs the turkey".
When Pike meets "Eve", he is so bewildered he constantly trips and falls over himself.
Although Muggsy tries to convince him "she's the same dame", Pike reasons that Jean would never come close to his home without at least disguising herself, so he concludes the resemblance is only a coincidence.
After a brief courtship, they marry, and on the train to their honeymoon, "Eve" begins to confess her past, dropping name after name after name of old boyfriends and lovers.
Pike finally gets fed up and jumps off the train.
Now separated, Jean's con team urges her to close the deal, saying she's got him over a barrel and can make a killing in a settlement.
While Charles' father and lawyers are on the phone with her pleading to settle quickly, Jean says she doesn't want any money at all, just for Pike to tell her it's over to her face.
Pike refuses, and through his father Jean learns that he's departing on another ocean voyage.
She arranges her own passage, and "bumps into" Pike, just as they met before.
"Hopsie" is overjoyed to see Jean again, and they instantly dash to her cabin where they mutually affirm their love for each other.
Charles confesses that he is married, and Jean replies tenderly, "So am I, darling".
It is December 1938 in the town of Carvel.
Andy Hardy (Mickey Rooney) is putting a $12 down payment on a used car.
Andy, desperate to take his girlfriend Polly Benedict (Ann Rutherford) to the Christmas Eve dance in his own car, must pay an additional $8 by December 23 for it to be his.
When Polly tells Andy she will be visiting her grandmother for the next three weeks and will not be able to attend the Christmas Eve dance with him, Andy vows to attend the dance alone.
Judge Hardy (Lewis Stone) later encounters his son, Andy, and Andy broaches the subject of car ownership, but Judge Hardy tells Andy that he cannot have his own car.
Returning home for the evening, Judge Hardy runs into 12-year-old Betsy Booth (Judy Garland), who is staying with her grandparents for the Christmas holiday.
Betsy’s grandmother has been effusive about Andy Hardy and Betsy is thrilled to learn he will be her next door neighbor during her stay.
Judge Hardy’s wife, Emily (Fay Holden), receives a telegram that evening informing her that her mother had a serious stroke.
Emily and her sister leave immediately for rural Canada to care for their mother.
Andy Hardy meets Betsy Booth while delivering some of his mother’s freshly canned preserves.
Betsy is obviously taken with Andy but he does not reciprocate her admiration; he leaves as quickly as possible.
Beezy (George Breakston), Andy’s friend, asks Andy to date Cynthia (Lana Turner), Beezy’s girlfriend, while Beezy is out of town over the Christmas holiday period, so that she will avoid other men.
Beezy promises to pay Andy $8 plus 50 cents a week for expenses for his efforts.
Andy needs the money to purchase his car, so he agrees.
Andy starts going out with Cynthia, but she is bored by sports activities, and they find they only get along when they are busy kissing; after walking Cynthia home Andy stops in to visit Betsy Booth—only he’s covered in Cynthia’s lipstick.
Betsy gives Andy a handsome new radiator cap for his anticipated car, and after he leaves she sadly sings “In-Between.
”  One morning Andy receives a telegram from Polly saying she will be home for the Christmas Eve dance after all.
Andy telephones her saying he can’t take her to the dance because of a previous engagement.
He thereafter opens a letter from Beezy.
Beezy wrote saying he found a new girlfriend so he wasn’t going to pay Andy for dating Cynthia.
Betsy, from a moneyed family, offers to help Andy pay for his car, but he refuses her aid.
That evening he tells his father about the mess he made.
Judge Hardy explains his point of view about spending money on a car versus putting it aside as savings—and then discloses his deep concern for Andy’s mother.
Judge Hardy would like to convey a message to his wife, but there is no telephone at her mother’s home and Emily finds telegrams unnerving.
Andy suggests a message be sent to their mother via ham radio in lieu of sending her a telegram.
Andy brings Judge Hardy to the home of twelve-year-old ham radio operator James McMann Jr (Gene Reynolds) and he sends a message to mrs Hardy.
Judge Hardy is so impressed with James’ help and his son’s ingenuity that he pays the last $8 for Andy’s car.
Betsy deceives Cynthia into thinking that Andy’s car is an absolute wreck; Cynthia haughtily refuses to go to the Christmas Eve dance with Andy.
Andy feels relieved to be able to date Polly again.
Andy tries to clear things up with Polly but, having learned of his fling with Cynthia, she angrily tells Andy that she won’t go to the dance with him because she has a date with a college boy.
Christmas Eve finds Andy wholly dejected at the prospect of not having a date for the dance—but when Betsy comes over in her evening gown he decides to take her to the dance.
At the dance Polly’s date recognizes Betsy as an accomplished singer and asks her to perform; Andy is scared that she will embarrass him, but she proves to be a fantastic singer and quickly wins over the crowd with “It Never Rains But it Pours” and encores with “Meet the Beat of My Heart.
” Betsy and Andy lead the dance in a grand march after Polly leaves in tears.
Late that evening at home after the dance, Betsy Booth and the Hardy family are gathered together around the Christmas tree when mrs Hardy unexpectedly returns home—her mother is getting better.
On Christmas Day Betsy explains everything to Polly.
Polly and her date from the dance come over to the Hardy home, and Polly’s date turns out to be her cousin.
Betsy expresses her gratitude to Andy for a wonderful evening and leaves.
Polly and Andy make up.
Trudy Kockenlocker (Betty Hutton) is a small-town girl with a soft spot for soldiers.
She wakes up one morning after a wild farewell party for a group of them to find that while drunk the night before, she married a soldier whose name she can't remember, except that "it had a z in it.
Like Ratzkywatzky [.
] or was it Zitzkywitzky.
" She believes they both used fake names and she doesn't know how to get in touch with him or even what he looks like.
The matter is complicated when she learns that she became pregnant that night as well.
Norval Jones (Eddie Bracken), a local 4-F boy who has been in love with Trudy for years, steps in to help out, but Trudy's over-protective father (William Demarest), a policeman, gets involved and complicates matters.
Before long, Norval is arrested on 19 different charges, and then he finds himself on the run as an escaped prisoner.
All seems lost until Trudy gives birth to sextuplets.
At that point Governor McGinty (Brian Donlevy) and The Boss (Akim Tamiroff) step in and provide a phone call which results in a happy ending for everyone.
When Norval discovers that Trudy has borne not just one son but six, he faints, and the movie ends with this epilogue on a title card:.
During the Great Depression, Godfrey "Smith" Parke (William Powell) is living alongside other men down on their luck at a New York City dump on the East River near the 59th Street Bridge.
One night, spoiled socialite Cornelia Bullock (Gail Patrick) offers him five dollars to be her "forgotten man" for a scavenger hunt.
Annoyed, he advances on her, causing her to retreat and fall on a pile of ashes.
She leaves in a fury, much to the glee of her younger sister, Irene (Carole Lombard).
After talking with her, Godfrey finds her to be kind, if a bit scatter-brained.
He offers to go with Irene to help her beat Cornelia.
In the ballroom of the Waldorf-Ritz Hotel, Irene's long-suffering businessman father, Alexander Bullock (Eugene Pallette), waits resignedly as his ditsy wife, Angelica (Alice Brady), and her mooching "protégé" Carlo (Mischa Auer) play the game.
Godfrey arrives and is authenticated as a "forgotten man".
He then addresses the crowd, expressing his contempt for their antics.
Irene is apologetic and offers him a job as the family butler, which he gratefully accepts.
The next morning, Godfrey is shown what to do by the Bullocks' sardonic, wise-cracking maid, Molly (Jean Dixon), the only servant who has been able to put up with the antics of the family.
She warns him that he is merely the latest in a long line of butlers.
Only slightly daunted, he proves to be surprisingly competent, although Cornelia holds a grudge against him.
On the other hand, Irene considers Godfrey to be her protégé.
A complication arises when Tommy Gray (Alan Mowbray), a lifelong friend of Godfrey's, recognizes him at a tea party thrown by Irene.
Godfrey quickly ad-libs that he was Tommy's valet at Harvard.
Tommy plays along, embellishing Godfrey's story with a nonexistent wife and five children.
Dismayed, Irene impulsively announces her engagement to the surprised Charlie Van Rumple (Grady Sutton), but she soon breaks down in tears and flees after being congratulated by Godfrey.
Over lunch the next day, Tommy is curious to know what one of the elite "Parkes of Boston" is doing as a servant.
Godfrey explains that a broken love affair had left him considering suicide, but the undaunted attitude of the men living at the dump rekindled his spirits.
During lunch, Cornelia has her longstanding boyfriend "Faithful George" (Robert Light) call Tommy away to the telephone.
She takes a seat at Godfrey's table and attempts to negotiate a peace with him — but only on her terms.
Godfrey declines and Cornelia leaves in a huff.
When everything she does to make Godfrey's life miserable fails, Cornelia plants her pearl necklace under his mattress.
She then calls the police to report her missing jewelry.
To Cornelia's surprise, the pearls do not turn up when Godfrey's suite is searched.
mr Bullock realizes his daughter has orchestrated the whole thing and sees the policemen out.
After they have gone, he informs Cornelia she had better find her pearls herself, as they are not insured.
The Bullocks then send their daughters off to Europe to get Irene away from her now-broken engagement.
When they return, Cornelia implies that she intends to seduce Godfrey.
Worried, Irene stages a fainting spell and falls into Godfrey's arms.
He carries her to her bed, but while searching for smelling salts, he realizes she is faking when he sees her (in a mirror) sit up briefly.
In revenge, he puts her in the shower and turns on the cold water full blast.
Far from quenching her attraction, this merely confirms her hopes: "Oh Godfrey, now I know you love me.
You do or you wouldn't have lost your temper".
Godfrey resigns as the Bullocks' butler.
However, mr Bullock has more pressing concerns.
He first throws Carlo out, then announces to his family and Godfrey that his business is in dire straits and that he might even face criminal charges.
Godfrey interrupts with good news: he had sold short, using money raised by pawning Cornelia's necklace, and bought the stock that Bullock had sold.
He gives the endorsed stock certificates to the stunned mr Bullock, saving the family.
He also returns the necklace to a humbled Cornelia, who apologizes.
Godfrey then leaves.
With his stock profits and reluctant business partner Tommy Gray's backing, Godfrey has built a fashionable nightclub at the now-closed East River dump called "The Dump", ".
giving food and shelter to fifty people in the winter, and giving them employment in the summer".
Godfrey tells Tommy he quit the Bullocks because "he felt that foolish feeling coming along again".
However, a determined Irene tracks him down in his manager's apartment at The Dump and bulldozes him into marriage, saying, "Stand still, Godfrey, it'll all be over in a minute".
The film opens with a freighter at sea exploding and news announcements.
The cause of the explosion is a mystery, with all crew accounted for with the exception of two unidentified stowaways.
Jeff Peters (Bing Crosby) and Orville 'Turkey' Jackson (Bob Hope) are seen floating at sea aboard a pile of wreckage.
It was Jeff's idea to stow away, but it was Orville 'smoking in the powder room' that caused the explosion.
As the two joke about eating one another to survive, they spot land in the distance.
As they sit on the beach, Orville reminds Jeff of his promise to Aunt Lucy, to take care of him.
Jeff reminds him that Aunt Lucy died before he could agree.
They are interrupted by a convenient camel, and they hitch a ride.
Once in the city, they are nearly run over by Arabs shooting guns, led by the sheik Mullay Kasim (Anthony Quinn).
Jeff and Orville learn the sheik is pursuing a princess for marriage.
Orville is approached by a group of bearers carrying someone in a veiled box.
A beautiful hand takes his and then leaves, with Orville in pure bliss.
In a restaurant, Jeff and Orville eat heartily, while trying to figure out how to get past the knife-wielding owner without paying.
A man (Dan Seymour) takes Jeff aside and hands over a great deal of money.
Orville is happy to be able to pay for the meal, until he learns that Jeff 'sold' him.
Orville is furious, especially since neither of them know why the man bought him.
Jeff calms him down and tells Orville he'll buy him back, eventually; and two men throw a hood over Orville and carry him off.
A week later, Jeff is woken by a vision of Aunt Lucy (played by a harp-wielding Bob Hope) who shames him for his act.
Jeff says he tried to buy Orville back, but learned he was re-sold to someone else.
Aunt Lucy tells him he has to find Orville, and recommends singing Orville's favorite song.
Jeff walks through the street singing, (accompanied by Aunt Lucy's ghost) until a note, with Orville's locket is tossed at him from the palace window.
The note, written by Orville, says he's being tortured and warns Jeff of danger.
Jeff, thinking Orville is in trouble, scales the palace wall.
Hearing a woman singing, Jeff sneaks into the palace and see a lot of beautiful girls dancing for the beautiful Princess Shalmar (Dorothy Lamour) and singing to a very relaxed Orville.
Jeff storms in and is grabbed by guards.
Orville feigns ignorance and tries to send him away.
The princess dismisses everyone, except for Jeff.
Orville admits the truth, but it's clear he's still mad at Jeff.
He says he and the princess are to be married.
Jeff is surprised, but the princess says her wise man read the stars and told her to marry Orville.
She was the one that passed Orville in the veiled box, and also the one that purchased him.
As she plants a passionate kiss on Orville, Jeff decides to stick around; a decision that almost brings him and Orville to blows, but the princess invites Jeff to stay.
As Orville is waited on by beautiful girls, he learns from one of them, Mihirmah, the princess was supposed to marry Kasim, but also tells Orville she loves him too.
Jeff breaks up the party and confronts Orville, who has Jeff thrown out.
Jeff wanders the palace singing, an act that attracts the princess and they go on a moonlit walk.
Mihirmah tries to get Orville to run away with her.
Jeff tries to tell the princess that HE was the one sold and should be marrying her, but he is interrupted by a sword-wielding Orville.
The next morning an angry Kasim confronts Princess Shalmar for marrying someone else.
He is prepared to kill Orville but the princess takes him to the wise man Hyder Kahn.
Hyder Khan said he had read the stars and found that Princess Shalmar's first husband is destined to die a violent death within a week of the marriage, and the second husband would be blessed with long life and happiness.
The princess tells Kasim that Orville is the first husband, and when he dies, she'll happily marry Kasim and they will live in happiness.
Kasim finally understands and embraces the princess.
Orville finds out about the prophecy and runs to Jeff and convinces him that the princess actually loves him and he's going to run off with Mihirmah.
Later that night, Orville is visited and shamed by Aunt Lucy's spirit, but Orville refuses to tell Jeff the truth.
Meanwhile, the wise man realizes that he had been misreading the stars due to fireflies in his telescope; his prophecies are incorrect.
Princess Shalmar refuses to marry Jeff, even though Orville is eager to get out of the marriage.
The princess sends Orville away to get ready for the wedding.
The wise man runs in and tells the princess and Jeff of the incorrect prophecy.
The princess is happy and tells Jeff now she can marry him and not Kasim.
Jeff realizes why Orville was so eager to get out of the marriage, but decides not to tell him.
Instead he says the princess changed her mind, and Orville is only too eager to accept.
Meanwhile, the wise man's assistant tells Kasim, who rallies his men.
The Princess and Jeff decide to get married in the, accompanied by Orville and Mihirmah but they are confronted by Kasim, who takes the princess and gives Mihirmah to one of his men.
Jeff and Orville try to use their 'patty-cake' routine on Kasim, but it backfires.
They escape into the palace with the girls but are found and captured.
Kasim takes the women and strands Jeff and Orville in the desert.
They wander aimlessly, seeing a drive-in restaurant, but it's a mirage.
They see a vision of a singing Princess Shalmar, which spurs them onward.
They find an oasis which is near Kasim's camp.
They try to sneak in, but are captured.
They see another set of horsemen and learn it is an enemy sheik who was invited as a token of peace.
They manage to escape and set the two sheiks against each other.
In the chaos Jeff and Orville grab the girls and escape.
Later, on a boat home, Orville sneaks into the powder room for a cigarette.
There is an explosion and then we see all four afloat a pile of wreckage.
Fortunately, they are near New York harbor.
Ann (Audrey Hepburn), the crown princess of an unspecified country becomes frustrated with her tightly scheduled life, and breaks down at having to repeatedly answer "yes, thank you" and "no, thank you" to demands of her time.
Her doctor gives her a sedative to calm her and help her sleep, but she secretly leaves her country's embassy.
The sedative eventually makes her fall asleep on a bench, where Joe Bradley (Gregory Peck), an expatriate American reporter for the "American News Service" based in Rome, finds her.
Not recognizing her, he offers her money so she can take a taxi home, but a woozy "Anya Smith" (as she later calls herself) refuses to cooperate.
Joe finally decides, for safety's sake, to let her spend the night in his apartment.
He is amused by her regal manner, but less so when she appropriates his bed.
He transfers her to a couch.
The next morning, Joe, having already slept through the interview Princess Ann was scheduled to give, hurries off to work, leaving her still asleep.
When his editor, mr Hennessy (Hartley Power), asks why Joe is late, Joe lies, claiming to have attended the princess' press conference.
Joe makes up details of the alleged interview until Hennessy informs him that the event had been canceled because the princess had suddenly "fallen ill".
Joe sees a newspaper picture of her and realizes who is in his apartment.
Immediately seeing an opportunity, Joe proposes getting an exclusive interview.
Hennessy, not knowing the circumstances, agrees to the deal and offers $5,000 if the interview is all Joe claims it will be, but bets Joe $500 that he will not succeed.
Joe hurries home and, hiding the fact that he is a reporter, offers to show "Anya" around Rome.
He also surreptitiously calls his photographer friend, Irving Radovich (Eddie Albert), to tag along to secretly take pictures.
However, Ann declines Joe's offer and leaves.
Ann, enjoying her freedom, explores an outdoor market, buys a pair of shoes, and, on a whim, gets her long hair cut short.
Joe follows and "accidentally" meets her on the Spanish Steps.
This time he convinces her to spend the day with him.
They see the sights, including the "Mouth of Truth", a face carved in marble which is said to bite off the hands of liars.
When Joe shouts in mock pain and pulls his hand out of the mouth, it appears to be missing, causing Ann to scream.
He then pops his hand out of his sleeve and laughs.
(Allegedly, Hepburn's shriek was not acting&mdash;Peck decided to pull a gag he had once seen Red Skelton do, and did not tell his co-star beforehand)  Later, Ann shares with Joe her dream of living a normal life without her crushing responsibilities.
That night, at a dance on a boat, government agents finally track her down and try to escort her away, but a wild melee breaks out and Joe and Ann escape.
While trying to rescue her from plainclothes government agents, Joe is ambushed and falls into a river after being struck.
Ann dives in to save him, and they swim away together away from the agents, finally sharing a kiss as they sit shivering on the riverbank.
Later, knowing her royal responsibilities must resume, the princess bids a tearful farewell to Joe and returns to the embassy.
When she arrives at the embassy she is lectured upon the sense of duty she must display, but (visibly pained) retorts that without such a sense, she would never have returned.
During the course of the day, Hennessy learns that the princess is missing, not ill as claimed.
He suspects that Joe knows where she is and tries to get him to admit it, but Joe claims to know nothing about it.
Joe decides not to write the story, despite the considerable amount of money riding on it.
Irving first plans to sell his photographs independent of the story, but eventually decides against it.
The next day, Princess Ann appears to answer questions from the press, and is surprised to see Joe and Irving there.
Irving takes her picture with the same miniature cigarette-lighter/camera he had used the previous day.
When asked by a reporter which city of her European tour was her favorite, Ann first makes a diplomatic "all were equally good" answer, but interrupts it with an impulsive "Rome.
By all means, Rome".
At the end of the interview, the Princess requests to "meet" the journalists, shaking hands and making brief formal conversation.
As she reaches Joe and Irving, the latter presents her with an envelope with the photographs he had taken, under the pretext of a generic memento of Rome.
The three make several statements that hint at the truth and their dispositions, while feigning formality and the distance expected between the princess and two strange journalists.
As the interview with the princess comes to an end and she reluctantly leaves, the crowd of journalists and reporters eventually disperses, and Joe walks away alone.
The film opens in 1922 with Harold Lloyd (the character has the same name as the actor) behind bars.
His mother and his girlfriend, Mildred, are consoling him as a somber official and priest show up.
The three of them walk toward what looks like a noose.
It then becomes obvious they are at a train station and the "noose" is actually a trackside pickup hoop used by train crews to receive orders without stopping, and the bars are merely the ticket barrier.
He promises to send for his girlfriend so they can get married once he has "made good" in the big city.
Then he is off.
He gets a job as a salesclerk at the De Vore Department Store, where he has to pull various stunts to get out of trouble with the picky and arrogantly self-important head floorwalker, mr Stubbs.
He shares a rented room with his pal "Limpy" Bill, a construction worker.
When Harold finishes his shift, he sees an old friend from his hometown who is now a policeman walking the beat.
After he leaves, Bill shows up.
Bragging to Bill about his supposed influence with the police department, he persuades Bill to knock the policeman backwards over him while the man is using a callbox.
When Bill does so, he knocks over the wrong policeman.
To escape, he climbs up the façade of a building.
The policeman tries to follow, but cannot get past the first floor; in frustration, he shouts at Bill, "You'll do time for this.
The first time I lay eyes on you again, I'll pinch you.
"  Meanwhile, Harold has been hiding his lack of success by sending his girlfriend expensive presents he cannot really afford.
She mistakenly thinks he is successful enough to support a family and, with his mother's encouragement, takes a train to join him.
In his embarrassment, he has to pretend to be the general manager, even succeeding in impersonating him to get back at Stubbs.
While going to retrieve her purse (which Mildred left in the manager's office), he overhears the real general manager say he would give $1,000 to anyone who could attract people to the store.
He remembers Bill's talent and pitches the idea of having a man climb the "12-story Bolton building", which De Vore's occupies.
He gets Bill to agree to do it by offering him $500.
The stunt is highly publicized and a large crowd gathers the next day.
When a drunkard shows "The Law" (the policeman who was pushed over) a newspaper story about the event, the lawman suspects Bill is going to be the climber.
He waits at the starting point despite Harold's frantic efforts to get him to leave.
Finally, unable to wait any longer, Bill suggests Harold climb the first story himself and then switch his hat and coat with Bill, who will continue on from there.
After Harold starts up, the policeman spots Bill and chases him into the building.
Every time Harold tries to switch places with Bill, the policeman appears and chases Bill away.
Each time, Bill tells his friend he will meet him on the next floor up.
Eventually, Harold reaches the top, despite his troubles with a clock and some hungry pigeons, and kisses his girl.
Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) is the top salesman at a leathergoods shop in Budapest owned by the high-strung mr Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan).
Kralik's coworkers at Matuschek and Company include his friend, Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), a kindly family man; Ferencz Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut), a two-faced womanizer; and Pepi Katona (William Tracy), an ambitious, precocious delivery boy.
One morning, Kralik reveals to Pirovitch that he's been corresponding anonymously with an intelligent and cultured woman whose ad he came across in the newspaper.
Kralik is mr Matuschek's oldest and most trusted employee—just invited to a dinner party at Matuschek's home—but lately there has been tension between the two.
They get into an argument over mr Matuschek's idea to sell a cigarette box that plays "Ochi Chërnye" when opened.
Kralik thinks it's a bad idea.
Although annoyed with Kralik's stubbornness, Matuschek is reluctant to ignore his judgment.
After their exchange, Klara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) enters the gift shop looking for a job.
Kralik tells her there are no openings, but when she is able to sell one of the cigarette boxes (as a candy box), mr Matuschek hires her.
As Christmas approaches, Kralik is preparing to finally meet his mystery correspondent for a dinner date.
Planning to propose if the date works out, Kralik requests a raise from mr Matuschek, who has not been in a good mood for months.
Forced to put up with the pesky Miss Novak—the two simply cannot get along—Kralik is grateful that his anonymous correspondent is nothing like her.
He admits to Pirovitch that he is nervous about meeting this "most wonderful girl in the world" for the first time.
Kralik's planned meeting is interrupted when mr Matuschek demands that everyone stay after work.
He and Kralik argue when Kralik mentions his previous engagement.
Later Kralik is called into mr Matuschek's office—and is fired.
No one in the shop understands mr Matuschek's actions; they do not know that mr Matuschek suspects Kralik of having an affair with his wife.
Later, mr Matuschek meets with a private investigator who informs him that his suspicions were correct, that his wife is having an affair with one of his employees—Ferencz Vadas.
Pepi returns to the shop just in time to prevent the distraught mr Matuschek from committing suicide.
Meanwhile, Kralik arrives at the Cafe Nizza, where he discovers that his mystery woman, with the red carnation as planned, is in fact Klara Novak.
Despite his disappointment, Kralik goes in and talks with her, pretending he is there to meet Pirovitch.
In his mind, Kralik tries to reconcile the cultured woman of his letters with his annoying coworker—secretly hoping that things might work out with her.
But concerned that Kralik's presence will spoil her first meeting with her "far superior" mystery correspondent, she calls Kralik a "little insignificant clerk" and asks him to leave, and he does.
Later that night, Kralik goes to the hospital to visit mr Matuschek.
After apologizing for his behavior, mr Matuschek offers him a job as manager of Matuschek and Company, gives him the keys to the shop, and asks him to dismiss Vadas quietly.
Kralik dismisses Vadas, loudly and publicly, pushing Vadas across the shop floor into a pile of cigarette boxes.
Grateful to Pepi for saving his life, mr Matuschek promotes the errand boy to clerk.
The next day, Miss Novak calls in sick after her mystery man failed to show.
That night, Kralik visits her at her apartment, where she reveals her problem to be "psychological".
During his visit, she receives a letter from her correspondent and reads it in front of Kralik (who wrote the letter).
Two weeks later, on Christmas Eve, Matuschek and Company achieves record sales.
A grateful mr Matuschek gives everyone their bonuses and sends them home early.
Then, feeling lonely, he tries to get someone to have dinner with him, but all the employees have other plans.
Finally, Rudy, the new errand boy who lives alone in the city, agrees.
Kralik and Miss Novak, now alone in the shop, talk about their planned dates for the evening and Miss Novak reveals that she had a crush on Kralik when they first met, back when she was "foolish and naive".
After pretending to have met Miss Novak's mystery man—whom he claims is overweight, balding, and unemployed—Kralik puts a blue carnation in his lapel and finally reveals to Miss Novak that he is in fact her mystery correspondent—her "dear friend"—and they kiss.
It is February 1929 in the city of Chicago, during the era of prohibition.
Joe (Tony Curtis) is an irresponsible jazz saxophone player, gambler and ladies' man; his friend Jerry (Jack Lemmon) is a sensible jazz double-bass player; both are working in a speakeasy (disguised as a funeral home) owned by mob gangster "Spats" Colombo (George Raft).
When the joint is raided by the police after being tipped off by informant "Toothpick" Charlie (George Stone), Joe and Jerry flee—only to accidentally witness Spats and his henchmen exacting his revenge on "Toothpick" and his own gang (inspired by the real-life Saint Valentine's Day Massacre).
Penniless and in a mad rush to get out of town, the two musicians take a job with Sweet Sue (Joan Shawlee) and her Society Syncopators, an all-female band headed to Miami.
Disguised as women and renaming themselves Josephine and Daphne, they board a train with the band and their male manager, Bienstock.
Before they board the train, Joe and Jerry notice Sugar Kane (Marilyn Monroe), the band's vocalist and ukulele player.
Joe and Jerry become enamored of Sugar and compete for her affection while maintaining their disguises.
Sugar confides that she has sworn off male saxophone players, who have stolen her heart in the past and left her with "the fuzzy end of the lollipop".
She has set her sights on finding a sweet, bespectacled millionaire in Florida.
During the forbidden drinking and partying on the train, Josephine and Daphne become intimate friends with Sugar, and have to struggle to remember that they are supposed to be girls and cannot make a pass at her.
Once in Miami, Joe woos Sugar by assuming a second disguise as a millionaire named Junior, the heir to Shell Oil, while feigning disinterest in Sugar.
An actual millionaire, the much-married aging mama's boy Osgood Fielding III, (Joe Brown) tries repeatedly to pick up Daphne, who rebuffs him.
Osgood invites Daphne for a champagne supper on his yacht.
Joe convinces Daphne to keep Osgood occupied onshore so that Junior can take Sugar to Osgood's yacht, passing it off as his.
Once on the yacht, Junior explains to Sugar that, due to psychological trauma, he is impotent and frigid, but that he would marry anyone who could change that.
Sugar tries to arouse some sexual response in Junior, and begins to succeed.
Meanwhile, Daphne and Osgood dance the tango ("La Cumparsita") till dawn.
When Joe and Jerry get back to the hotel, Jerry explains that Osgood has proposed marriage to Daphne and that he, as Daphne, has accepted, anticipating an instant divorce and huge cash settlement when his ruse is revealed.
Joe convinces Jerry that he cannot actually marry Osgood.
The hotel hosts a conference for "Friends of Italian Opera", which is in fact a front for a major meeting of various branches of La Cosa Nostra.
Spats and his gang from Chicago recognize Joe and Jerry as the witnesses to the Valentine's Day murders.
Joe and Jerry, fearing for their lives, realize they must quit the band and leave the hotel.
Joe breaks Sugar's heart by telling her that he, Junior, has to marry a woman of his father's choosing and move to Venezuela.
After several chases, Joe and Jerry witness additional mob killings, this time of Spats and his boys.
Joe, dressed as Josephine, sees Sugar onstage singing that she will never love again.
He kisses her before he leaves, and Sugar realizes that Joe is both Josephine and Junior.
Sugar runs from the stage at the end of her performance and manages to jump into the launch from Osgood's yacht New Caledonia just as it is leaving the dock with Joe, Jerry, and Osgood.
Joe tells Sugar that he is not good enough for her, that she would be getting the "fuzzy end of the lollipop" yet again, but Sugar wants him anyway.
Jerry, for his part, comes up with a list of reasons why he and Osgood cannot get married, ranging from a smoking habit to infertility.
Osgood dismisses them all; he loves Daphne and is determined to go through with the marriage.
Exasperated, Jerry removes his wig and shouts, "I'm a man.
" Osgood simply responds, "Well, nobody's perfect".
Michael Dorsey (Dustin Hoffman) is a respected but perfectionist actor.
Nobody in New York wants to hire him anymore because he is difficult to work with.
According to his long-suffering agent George Fields (Sydney Pollack), Michael's attention to detail and difficult reputation led a commercial he worked on to run significantly over-schedule, because the idea of a tomato sitting down was "illogical" to him.
After many months without a job, Michael hears of an opening on the popular daytime soap opera Southwest General from his friend and acting student Sandy Lester (Teri Garr), who tries out for the role of hospital administrator Emily Kimberly, but doesn't get it.
In desperation, and as a result of his agent telling him that "no one will hire you", he dresses as a woman, auditions as "Dorothy Michaels" and gets the part.
Michael takes the job as a way to raise $8,000 to produce a play, written by his roommate Jeff Slater (Bill Murray) and to star Sandy, titled Return to Love Canal.
Michael plays his character as a feisty, feminist administrator, which surprises the other actors and crew who expected Emily to be (as written) another swooning female in the plot.
His character quickly becomes a television sensation.
When Sandy catches Michael in her bedroom half undressed (he wanted to try on her clothes in order to get more ideas for Dorothy's outfits), he covers up by professing he wants to have sex with her.
They have sex despite his better judgment about her self-esteem issues.
Michael believes Sandy is too emotionally fragile to handle the truth about him winning the part, especially after noticing her strong resentment of Dorothy.
Their relationship, combined with his deception, complicates his now-busy schedule.
Exacerbating matters further, he is attracted to one of his co-stars, Julie Nichols (Jessica Lange), a single mother in an unhealthy relationship with the show's amoral, sexist director, Ron Carlisle (Dabney Coleman).
At a party, when Michael (as himself) approaches Julie with a pick-up line that she had previously told Dorothy she would be receptive towards, she throws a drink in his face.
Later, as Dorothy, when he makes tentative advances, Julie—having just ended her relationship with Ron per Dorothy's advice—confesses that she has feelings about Dorothy which confuse her, but is not emotionally ready to be in a romantic relationship with a woman.
Meanwhile, Dorothy has her own admirers to contend with: older cast member John Van Horn (George Gaynes) and Julie's widowed father Les (Charles Durning).
Les proposes marriage, insisting Michael/Dorothy "think about it" before answering; he leaves immediately and returns home to find co-star John, who almost forces himself on Dorothy until Jeff walks in on them.
John apologizes for intruding and leaves.
The tipping point comes when, due to Dorothy's popularity, the show's producers want to extend her contract for another year.
Michael finds a clever way to extricate himself.
When the cast is forced to perform the show live, he improvises a grand speech on camera, pulls off his wig and reveals that he is actually the character's twin brother who took her place to avenge her.
Sandy and Les, who are all watching at home, react with the same level of shock as the cast and crew of the show.
The one exception is Jeff, who was aware of his roommate's "dual role" and remarks, "That is one nutty hospital.
" The revelation allows everybody a more-or-less graceful way out.
Julie, however, is so outraged that she slugs him in the stomach in front of the cast once the cameras have stopped rolling before storming off.
Some weeks later, Michael is moving forward with producing Jeff's play.
He awkwardly makes peace with Les in a bar, and Les shows tentative support for Michael's attraction to Julie.
Later, Michael waits for Julie outside the studio.
Julie resists talking but finally admits she misses Dorothy.
Michael confesses, "I was a better man with you as a woman than I ever was with a woman as a man".
At that, she forgives him and they walk off, Julie asking him to lend her a dress.
In lieu of a theme song and opening of the movie, Tashlin instead laid traditional opening credits over faux television commercials for products that failed to deliver what they promised.
From this comedic segue, the film opens on a writer for television advertising, Rockwell Hunter (Tony Randall), who is low on the ladder at the La Salle agency, the company where he works.
With the agency set to lose its biggest account &ndash; Stay-Put Lipstick &ndash; he hatches an idea to get the perfect model and spokeswoman for Stay-Put's new line of lipstick, the famous actress with the "oh-so-kissable lips", Rita Marlowe (Jayne Mansfield).
For Rita to endorse the lipstick, however, Rock has to pretend to be her boyfriend to make her real boyfriend, Bobo Branigansky (Hargitay), the star of a TV Tarzan show, jealous.
Bobo leaks the news of Rita's new romance to the tabloids and Rock Hunter is suddenly famous as Marlowe's "Lover Doll".
Hunter's boss decides to leverage his employee's newfound fame, but when Hunter also gets Marlowe to agree on a television spectacular sponsored by Stay-Put, Hunter becomes the advertising firm's highest-regarded employee.
Marlowe, meanwhile, is miserable; she thinks she is falling in love with Hunter, but her one real true love is the man who discovered her, George Schmidlap (Groucho Marx).
Not being able to find Schmidlap, she pursues Hunter, though her Secretary "Vi" (Joan Blondell) warns her that she is playing a dangerous game.
(Ironically, Blondell, who plays Mansfield's frumpy, middle-aged, all-business secretary, was herself a major movie sex symbol some 30 years before, and whose sexuality was one of the first victims of the Hays Code).
Hunter soon finds fame to be a double-edged sword, getting him what he wants, but with a price to be paid for that success.
Women are crazy about him, and he has no peace of mind.
Ultimately, he moves up the ladder at work, becoming company president, only to find it is not what he really wanted.
Hunter confesses to his angry fiancée Jenny that he finds himself at the top of the heap without any meaning and she takes him back.
As Rita Marlowe opens her television spectacular for Stay-Put Lipstick, she is surprised by the appearance of the show's "surprise" guest star of (and the first real love of her life), George Schmidlap.
Freed from strain of advertising, Rock and Jenny retire to the country to tend a chicken farm, announcing that he has found the real living end.
Tess Harding (Katharine Hepburn) and Sam Craig (Spencer Tracy) are journalists for the fictional New York Chronicle, with two drastically different backgrounds and worlds.
Tess is an educated, well-travelled political affairs columnist who speaks several languages fluently.
Sam is a knowledgeable and informed sports writer.
Their difficulties are presented as stemming from class and emotional differences as well as from those of gender.
A feud in their columns erupts over baseball, and their editor tells them that he will not stand for an intramural feud at his paper.
Sam invites Tess on a date to a baseball game, and she inadvertently breaks the "men only" atmosphere of the press box.
She is confused and unfamiliar with the rules of the sport.
Tess then invites Sam to her apartment later that night.
What he thought would be a romantic occasion is actually a dinner party where none of the guests is speaking, or can speak, English.
Despite the seemingly wide differences between their lives and personalities, the two fall in love.
After Sam and Tess marry, a conflict arises over Tess's priorities and Sam's place in her life.
They have several minor disagreements about not being together enough, but a bigger problem occurs when Tess volunteers to take on the care of a Greek refugee child, Chris (George Kezas), without consulting Sam.
Tess is excited but trepidatious about Sam's reaction.
He initially believes Tess is pregnant when she announces they're having a child.
Upon meeting Chris, however, he is angry and doesn't want an unrelated six-year-old orphan.
Still, he tries to befriend the boy and introduces him to sports.
Tess learns that she has received the award of "America's Outstanding Woman of the Year", to be awarded at a gala ceremony.
She plans to leave Chris by himself.
When Sam finds out, he refuses to leave Chris alone, though Tess wants him to be beside her on her big night, and is embarrassed at the thought that the public will wonder where he is.
Sam says she can tell everyone he had more important plans.
Tess offends him by asking if anyone would believe he could find something more important to do.
While Tess is at her ceremony, Sam returns the child to the orphanage and walks out on Tess.
She learns of this upon her return home, when she goes to change for photographers – only to discover that Sam and Chris and their belongings are all gone.
She attempts to reclaim Chris, but he refuses, preferring to stay with his fellow refugees.
The next day, Tess receives an invitation, addressed to both of them, to the home of her prominent Senator father (Minor Watson) and the world-famous feminist aunt who raised her (Fay Bainter).
Sam is covering a championship boxing match that evening and tells her he cannot go.
Tess arrives alone, only to be told that her aunt and her father are to be married that night, after 15 years of "making the same mistake" and saying nothing of their mutual attraction.
Listening to the words of the wedding ceremony encourages Tess to attempt a reconciliation with Sam.
Tess enters Sam's Riverside home the next morning and starts to prepare breakfast.
Eventually awakened by her noisy incompetence in the kitchen, he watches her surreptitiously.
She proclaims her intention of being nothing more than his wife and thinking only of his domestic needs, but he believes it is an insincere tactic to win him back.
Trying to prove herself, Tess once again tries to cook breakfast, only to fail because she knows nothing of cooking.
Sam tells her this is the first time he is disappointed in her, faulting her for going to extremes.
He says he does not want Tess Harding or "just mrs Sam Craig," but instead "Tess Harding Craig".
Tess happily agrees, and they reconcile.
Gerald, Tess' ultra-competent secretary (Dan Tobin), arrives with a bottle of champagne and reminds Tess of her commitment to launch a ship.
Sam takes Gerald outside, the bottle smashes, and Sam returns, claiming to have "launched" Gerald.
On 11th May 1941, Boxer and amateur pilot Joe Pendleton (Robert Montgomery), affectionately known as "the Flying Pug", flies his small aircraft to his next fight in New York City, but crashes when a control cable severs.
His soul is "rescued" by 7013 (Edward Everett Horton), an officious angel who assumed that Joe could not have survived.
Joe's manager, Max "Pop" Corkle (James Gleason), has his body cremated.
In the afterlife, the records show his death was a mistake; he was supposed to live for 50 more years.
The angel's superior, mr Jordan (Claude Rains), confirms this, but since there is no more body, Joe will have to take over a newly dead corpse.
mr Jordan explains that a body is just something that is worn, like an overcoat; inside, Joe will still be himself.
Joe insists that it be someone in good physical shape, because he wants to continue his boxing career.
Joe keeps saying the body they find "has to be in the pink".
After Joe turns down several "candidates", mr Jordan takes him to see the body of a crooked, extremely wealthy banker and investor named Bruce Farnsworth, who has just been drugged and drowned in a bathtub by his wife Julia (Rita Johnson) and his secretary, Tony Abbott (John Emery).
Joe is reluctant to take over a life so unlike his previous one, but when he sees the murderous pair mockingly berating Miss Logan (Evelyn Keyes), the daughter of a financier who was sold worthless bonds by Farnsworth's bank, he changes his mind and agrees to take over Farnsworth's body.
As Farnsworth, Joe repays all the investors, including Miss Logan's father.
He sends for Corkle and convinces him that he is Joe (by playing his saxophone just as badly as he did in his previous incarnation).
With Farnsworth's money to smooth the way, Corkle trains him and arranges a bout with the current heavyweight champion, but mr Jordan returns to warn Joe that, while he is destined to be the champion, it cannot happen that way.
Joe has just enough time to tell Miss Logan, with whom he's fallen in love, that if a stranger (especially if he is a boxer) approaches her, to give him a chance.
Then he is shot by his secretary.
The body is hidden, and Joe returns to a ghostly existence.
Accompanied by mr Jordan, Joe finds that his replacement in the prizefight with the champ is a clean-cut, honest fighter named Murdoch, whom Joe knows and respects.
Finding that he has forgotten his lucky saxophone, Joe runs back to the Farnsworth mansion to find that everyone believes Farnsworth has "disappeared".
Corkle has hired a private investigator to find him.
Corkle explains about Joe, mr Jordan and the body-switching, but of course the police detective (Donald MacBride) thinks he is a nut.
Joe manages to mentally nudge Corkle into turning on the radio to the fight and hears that Murdoch has collapsed without even being touched.
mr Jordan reveals that the boxer was shot by gamblers because he refused to throw the fight.
Joe takes over Murdoch's body and wins the title.
Back at the mansion, Corkle hears one of the radio announcers mention a saxophone hanging by the ringside and realizes Joe has assumed Murdoch's body.
Corkle races down to the dressing room.
There, Joe passes along information from mr Jordan that Farnsworth's body is in a refrigerator in the basement of the mansion.
Corkle tells the detective, who promptly has mrs Farnsworth and the secretary arrested.
As Murdoch, Joe fires his old, crooked manager and hires Corkle.
mr Jordan reveals to Joe that this is his destiny; he can be Murdoch and live his life.
Healing the gunshot wound and at the same time removing Joe's memory of his past life, mr Jordan hangs around for a bit longer until Miss Logan arrives.
She wanted to see Corkle, but runs into Murdoch instead.
The pair feel they have met before.
The two go off together, while mr Jordan smiles and says "So long, champ".
Retired millionaire Benjamin Dingle (Charles Coburn) arrives in Washington,C.
as an adviser on the housing shortage and finds that his hotel suite will not be available for two days.
He sees an ad for a roommate and talks the reluctant young woman, Connie Milligan (Jean Arthur), into letting him sublet half of her apartment.
Then Dingle runs into Sergeant Joe Carter (Joel McCrea), who has no place to stay while he waits to be shipped overseas.
Dingle generously rents him half of his half.
When Connie finds out about the new arrangement, she orders them both to leave, but she is forced to relent because she has already spent the men's rent.
Joe and Connie are attracted to each other, though she is engaged to bureaucrat Charles Pendergast (Richard Gaines).
Connie's mother married for love, not security, and Connie is determined not to repeat her mistake.
Dingle happens to meet Pendergast at a business luncheon and does not like what he sees.
He decides that Joe would be a better match for his landlady.
One day, Dingle goes too far, reading aloud to Joe from Connie's private diary, including her thoughts about Joe.
When she finds out, she demands they both leave the next day.
Dingle takes full blame for the incident.
Connie allows Joe to remain in the apartment as he has only a few days before being shipped out to Africa.
Joe asks Connie to go out with him.
She is reluctant to do so, but decides to go if Pendergast does not call for her by 8.
At 8, she and Joe are ready to leave, but her noisy teenage neighbor seeks her advice and delays her until Pendergast arrives.
Joe spies on the two of them from the window.
When the neighbor asks what he is doing, Joe flippantly tells him he is a Japanese spy.
Dingle calls Joe to meet him for dinner.
Dingle bumps into the couple and pretends he is meeting Connie for the first time, forcing Joe to do the same.
Dingle engages Pendergast in talk about his work, eventually maneuvering him up to his room so that Connie and Joe can be alone together.
Joe takes Connie home.
The two talk about their romantic pasts and even kiss.
From their separate rooms, Joe confesses that he loves her.
She tells him she feels the same way, but refuses to marry him, as they will soon be forced apart.
Their talk is interrupted by the arrival of the FBI, who have been called to investigate Joe for spying, thanks to the neighbor.
Joe and Connie are taken to headquarters.
They identify Dingle as a fellow occupant who can testify that they are only roommates.
Dingle arrives, bringing Pendergast as a character witness.
It comes out during questioning that Joe and Connie live at the same address.
When they ask mr Dingle to tell Pendergast that their living arrangement is purely innocent, he denies knowing them.
Outside the station, Dingle admits he lied to protect his reputation.
Taking a taxi home, they discuss what to do to avoid a scandal.
Connie grows angry when Pendergast thinks only of himself.
When another passenger in the shared cab turns out to be a reporter, Pendergast runs after him to try to stop him from writing about their situation.
Dingle assures Connie that if she marries Joe, the crisis will be averted, and they can get a quick annulment afterwards.
The couple follow his advice and wed.
Returning home, Connie allows Joe to spend his final night in her apartment.
As Dingle had foreseen, Connie's attraction to Joe overcomes her prudence.
Outside, Dingle puts up a card, showing that the apartment belongs to mr and mrs Sgt.
Carter.
Polly Parrish (Ginger Rogers) is a salesgirl at the department store John Merlin and Son in New York City.
Hired as temporary help for the Christmas season, she receives her dismissal notice as the season comes to a close.
During her lunch break, she sees a stranger leaving a baby on the steps of an orphanage.
Fearing the baby will roll down the steps, Polly picks it up.
An attendant opens the door and mistakenly believes that Polly is the baby's mother.
David Merlin (David Niven), the playboy son of the store's ownerB.
Merlin (Charles Coburn), is sympathetic to the "unwed mother" and arranges for her to get her job back.
mrs Weiss (Ferike Boros), Polly's landlady, offers to take care of the boy when Polly is at work.
Unable to convince anyone that she is not the mother, and threatened by David with loss of her job if she doesn't assume that role, Polly gives up and starts raising the child.
David's involvement with Polly gradually turns into love, but he keeps the relationship a secret from his father, fearing his reaction.
When he finds that New Year's Eve has arrived and he has no date, David turns to Polly.
He orders clothes to be sent from the store and takes her to a party.
Although David is falling for Polly, he does not relish the idea of a "ready-made family".
WhenB.
learns about the child, he assumes that David is the father.
His suspicions are reinforced when, in a bit of bad timing, Polly and David each produce a different man whom they claim is the father.
To his son's surprise,B.
is delighted (he had been impatiently waiting for David to settle down and provide him with a grandson).
In the end, David decides that he is in love with Polly and baby John.
He tells his father that he is the father of the child and plans to marry Polly, all the while believing Polly is the child's mother.
Bishop Henry Brougham (David Niven), troubled with funding the building of a new cathedral, prays for divine guidance.
His plea is seemingly answered by a suave angel named Dudley (Cary Grant), who reveals his identity only to the clergyman.
However, Dudley's mission is not to help construct a cathedral, but to spiritually guide Henry and the people around him.
Henry has become obsessed with raising funds, to the detriment of his family life.
His relationships with Julia (Loretta Young) and their young daughter are strained by his focus on the cathedral.
Everyone, except for Henry, is charmed by Dudley, even the non-religious Professor Wutheridge (Monty Woolley).
Dudley persuades the wealthy parishioners, particularly widowed Agnes Hamilton (Gladys Cooper), to contribute needed funds, but not to build the cathedral.
He coaxes mrs Hamilton to donate her money to feed and clothe the needy — much to Henry's chagrin.
To save time, Dudley also redecorates the Broughams' Christmas tree in a few seconds, saves an old church by restoring interest in the boys' choir, and dictates to a typewriter to magically produce Henry's new sermon — without Henry's knowledge.
But when Dudley spends time cheering up Julia, there is an unexpected development: Dudley finds himself strongly attracted to her.
Sensing this, Henry becomes jealous and anxious for his unwelcome guest to finish and depart.
He reveals Dudley's true identity to Professor Wutheridge, who urges him to stand up and fight for the woman he loves.
Dudley indicates a willingness to stay, but Julia, sensing what he means, tells Dudley it is time for him to leave.
Dudley tells the bishop it is rare for an angel to envy a mortal.
Henry wants to know why his cathedral plans were derailed.
Dudley reminds the bishop he prayed for guidance, not a building.
With his mission completed and knowing that Julia loves her husband, Dudley leaves, promising never to return.
All memory of him is erased, and later that Christmas Eve at midnight, Henry delivers the sermon that he believes he has written.
Dudley observes from the street, satisfied that his work is done.
An uncouth, corrupt rich junk dealer, Harry Brock, brings his showgirl mistress Billie Dawn with him to Washington,C.
When Billie's ignorance becomes a liability to Brock's business dealings, he hires a journalist, Paul Verrall, to educate his girlfriend.
In the process of learning, Billie Dawn realizes how corrupt Harry is and begins interfering with his plans to bribe a Congressman into passing legislation that would allow Brock's business to make more money.
In 1593 London, William Shakespeare is a sometime player in the Lord Chamberlain's Men and poor playwright for Philip Henslowe, owner of The Rose Theatre.
Shakespeare is working on a new comedy, Romeo and Ethel, the Pirate's Daughter.
Suffering from writer's block, he has barely begun the play, but starts auditioning players.
Viola de Lesseps, the daughter of a wealthy merchant, who has seen Shakespeare's plays at court, disguises herself as "Thomas Kent" to audition, then runs away.
Shakespeare pursues Kent to Viola's house and leaves a note with the nurse, asking Thomas Kent to begin rehearsals at the Rose.
He sneaks into the house with the minstrels playing that night at the ball, where her parents are arranging her betrothal to Lord Wessex, an impoverished aristocrat.
While dancing with Viola, Shakespeare is struck speechless, and after being forcibly ejected by Wessex, uses Thomas Kent as a go-between to woo her.
Wessex also asks Will's name, to which he replies that he is Christopher Marlowe.
When he discovers her true identity, they begin a secret affair.
Inspired by her, Shakespeare writes quickly, with help from his friend and rival playwright Christopher 'Kit' Marlowe, completely transforming the play into what will become Romeo and Juliet.
Then, Viola is summoned to court to receive approval for her proposed marriage to Lord Wessex.
Shakespeare accompanies her, disguised as her female cousin.
There, he persuades Wessex to wager £50 that a play can capture the true nature of love, the exact amount Shakespeare requires to buy a share in the Chamberlain's Men.
Queen Elizabeth I declares that she will judge the matter when the occasion arises.
When Richard Burbage, owner of the Curtain, finds out that Shakespeare has cheated him out of both money and the play, he goes to the Rose Theatre with his Curtain Theatre Company and starts a brawl.
The Rose Theatre company drives Burbage and his company out and then celebrate at the local pub.
Viola is appalled when she learns Shakespeare is married, albeit separated from his wife, and she realises she cannot escape her duty to marry Wessex.
Will discovers that Marlowe is dead, and thinks he is to blame.
Lord Wessex suspects an affair between Shakespeare and his bride-to-be.
Because Wessex thinks that Will is Kit Marlowe, he approves of Kit's death, and tells Viola the news.
It is later learned that Marlowe had been killed in an accident.
Viola finds out that Will is still alive, and declares her love for him.
When Edmund Tilney, the Master of the Revels, is informed there is a woman player at The Rose, he closes the theatre for breaking the ban on women.
Viola's identity is exposed, leaving them without a stage or lead actor, until Richard Burbage offers them his theatre.
Shakespeare takes the role of Romeo, with a boy actor as Juliet.
Following her wedding, Viola learns that the play will be performed that day, and runs away to the Curtain.
Planning to watch with the crowd, Viola overhears that the boy playing Juliet cannot perform, and offers to replace him.
While she plays Juliet to Shakespeare's Romeo, the audience is enthralled, despite the tragic ending, until Master Tilney arrives to arrest everyone for indecency due to Viola's presence.
But the Queen is in attendance and restrains Tilney, instead asserting that Kent's resemblance to a woman is, indeed, remarkable.
However, even a queen is powerless to end a lawful marriage, and she orders Kent to "fetch" Viola because she must sail with Wessex to the Colony of Virginia.
The Queen also tells Wessex, who followed Viola to the theatre, that Romeo and Juliet has won the bet for Shakespeare, and has Kent deliver his £50 with instructions to write something "a little more cheerful next time, for Twelfth Night".
Viola and Shakespeare say their goodbyes, and he vows to immortalise her, as he imagines the beginnings of Twelfth Night, imagining her as a castaway disguised as a man after a voyage to a strange land.
Maria Owens, a young witch, is exiled to Maria's Island in Massachusetts with her unborn child for escaping her execution.
When her lover does not come to rescue her, she desperately casts a spell upon herself to stop falling in love due to heartbreak, only to die soon after.
The spell becomes a curse for several generations.
Gillian and Sally Owens, two descendants of the Owens family, are taken in by their aunts Frances and Jet after the death of their parents.
Sally is the more gifted of the two while Gillian's talents are more in charm and persuasion, and have been subject to ridicule during their youth.
After witnessing their aunts cast a spell on a man for a woman who seems obsessed with having his love, Gillian decides to fall in love and Sally casts a true love spell to protect herself.
The sisters cast an oath to each other using blood from both of their hands and Gillian leaves for Los Angeles.
Sally meets and marries Michael, a local apple salesman.
They have two young daughters, Kylie and Antonia.
One morning, after several blissful years of marriage, Sally hears the "death-watch beetle," and knows it is coming for her husband.
Despite tearing up the floor in an effort to find and kill the beetle, Michael is killed by a truck during his early morning routine of taking apples to the local farmers market.
Sally and her daughters return to the Owens home to live with the aunts, and realize that the aunts cast a spell so she could fall in love.
Sally decides that she and her daughters will not perform magic.
As Gillian begins a relationship with Jimmy Angelov in Orlando, Sally is devastated by her husband's death.
Gillian feels that Sally needs her and drugs Jimmy to return to Massachusetts.
Gillian returns to Sally after Jimmy becomes abusive, but the sisters are kidnapped.
Sally puts belladonna into Jimmy's tequila, inadvertently killing him.
The sisters resurrect him using the forbidden spell from their aunts' book of spells, but Jimmy attempts to kill Gillian after being revived.
Sally kills him again, and the sisters bury his remains in their home's garden.
State investigator Gary Hallett arrives from Tucson, Arizona in search of Jimmy, who is also a serial killer.
As Gary begins to suspect Sally, Gillian, Kylie and Antonia create a potion to banish Gary; however, the girls realize he is the one described in Sally's true love spell, and remove the potion.
Later, Sally has Gary record her testimony and sees the letter she had once written Gillian, and realizes he must have read it more times than he had let on.
Unable to deny their feelings for each other, they kiss and Sally realizes that he was there because of the spell she cast years earlier.
Sally discovers that Jimmy's spirit has possessed Gillian's body and Gary sees Jimmy's spirit emerge.
Jimmy attempts to possess Gary, only to be hurt by his silver star-shaped badge and is temporarily exiled.
Later, Sally tells Gary that he is there because of her spell and the feelings they have for each other are not real.
Gary replies that curses are only true if one believes in them and reveals that he also wished for her, before returning to Tucson.
Jimmy possesses Gillian again and attempts to kill Sally before Frances and Jet return.
Sally, realizing she must embrace magic to save her sister, asks the aid of the townswomen and they form a coven to exorcise Jimmy's spirit.
Sally makes them stop when she sees that the effort might kill Gillian.
Getting inside the circle, Sally and the townswomen reenact her oath with Gillian.
They are able to break the Owens curse, exorcising Jimmy's spirit and allowing the coven to exile him permanently.
Sally receives a letter from Gary telling her that she and her sister are cleared of any suspicion of wrongdoing in Jimmy's case and Gary returns to Massachusetts to be with Sally.
The Owens women celebrate All Hallow's Eve dressed up in witch costumes, and are embraced and welcomed by the townsfolk.
Jack Campbell is a single Wall Street executive living in New York City.
He is in the midst of putting together a multi-billion dollar merger and has ordered an emergency meeting on Christmas Day.
In his office, on Christmas Eve, he hears that his former girlfriend, Kate, called him after many years.
He walks into a convenience store where a lottery contestant, Cash, has a winning ticket worth $238.
The store clerk does not believe Cash, so Cash pulls out a gun and Jack offers to buy the ticket.
Jack offers to help Cash.
In return, Cash questions Jack, asking him if he is missing anything in his life.
Jack says he has everything he needs.
Cash tells Jack that actions have consequence and that Jack has brought whatever is coming on himself.
Jack returns to his penthouse and sleeps.
On Christmas Day, Jack wakes up in a suburban New Jersey bedroom with Kate and two children.
He hurries back to his office and condo in New York, but his closest friends do not recognize him.
Jack runs out to the street and encounters Cash driving Jack's Ferrari.
We find out Cash is a guardian angel.
Cash explains that Jack is experiencing a glimpse of an alternate universe in order to learn a lesson.
He advises Jack to take the time to learn whatever it is that he needs to learn.
Jack is living the life he could have had, had he stayed in the United States with his girlfriend.
He has a modest family life, where he is a car tire salesman for Kate's father and Kate is a non-profit lawyer.
Jack's young daughter realizes his secret, thinks he is an alien and decides to assist him in surviving his new life.
Jack struggles to fit into the role of a family man, such as missing opening Christmas presents, flirting with a married woman and forgetting his anniversary.
He begins to succeed in his life, bonding with his children, falling in love with his wife and working hard at his job.
At a chance meeting, he is offered a contract to work at the same investment firm from his real life, having impressed the Chairman with his business savvy when he came in for a tire change.
His old mentor offers him a job, while a formerly sycophantic employee is in Jack's old position, with an assertiveness he did not possess as a subordinate.
While he is wowed by the potential salary and other complimentary extreme luxuries, Kate argues that they are very happy and they should be thankful for their life.
Just as Jack is finally realizing the true value of his new life, he sees Cash again as a store clerk and demands to stay in this life, but Cash informs him that there is nothing he can do.
His epiphany jolts him back to his wealthy former life on Christmas Day.
Jack forgoes closing the pharmaceutical acquisition deal to intercept Kate.
He finds her moving out of a luxury townhouse.
Like Jack, she also focused on her career and became a very wealthy corporate lawyer.
She only called him to give back some of his old possessions.
Before she moves to Paris, he runs after her at the airport and describes the family they had in the alternate universe in an effort to win back her love.
She agrees to have a cup of coffee at the airport, suggesting that they will have a future.
Dancer Paula McFadden (Marsha Mason) and her ten-year-old daughter Lucy (Quinn Cummings) live in a Manhattan apartment with her married boyfriend, Tony DeForrest, until one day, he deserts her to go act in a movie in Italy.
Before he left and unbeknownst to Paula, Tony subleased the apartment to Elliot Garfield (Richard Dreyfuss), a neurotic but sweet aspiring actor from Chicago, who shows up in the middle of the night expecting to move in.
Though Paula is demanding, and makes clear from the start that she doesn't like Elliot, he allows her and Lucy to stay.
Paula struggles to get back into shape to resume her career as a dancer.
Meanwhile, Elliot has landed the title role in an off-off-Broadway production of Richard III, but the director, Mark (Paul Benedict), wants him to play the character as an exaggerated stereotype of a homosexual, in Mark's words, "the queen who wanted to be king".
Reluctantly, Elliot agrees to play the role, despite full knowledge that it may mean the end of his career as an actor.
Many theater critics from television stations and newspapers in New York City attend opening night, and they all savage the production, especially Elliot's performance.
The play quickly closes, much to his relief.
Despite their frequent clashes and Paula's ungrateful attitude to Elliot helping her, the two fall in love and sleep together.
However, Lucy, although she likes Elliot, sees the affair as a repeat of what happened with Tony.
Elliot convinces Paula that he will not be like that and later picks up Lucy from school and takes her on a carriage ride, during which Lucy admits that she likes Elliot, and he admits that he likes her and Paula and will not do anything to hurt them.
Elliot gets a job at an improv theater, and is soon seen by a movie producer.
He is offered an opportunity for a role in a movie that he cannot turn down, the only catch is that the job is in Seattle and Elliot will be gone for four weeks.
Paula is informed of this and is scared that Elliot is leaving her, never to return, like all the other men in her life.
Later, Elliot calls Paula from the phone booth across the street from the apartment, telling her that the flight was delayed, and at the last minute, Elliot invites Paula to go with him while he is filming the picture and suggests Lucy stay with a friend until they return.
Paula declines but is happy because she knows that Elliot's invitation is evidence that he loves her and will come back.
Before hanging up, Elliot asks Paula to have his prized guitar restrung, which he had deliberately left at the apartment, and she realizes this as further proof that he will indeed return and that he really does love her.
In 1964, in Erie, Pennsylvania, aspiring jazz drummer Guy Patterson (Tom Everett Scott) is asked by Jimmy Mattingly (Johnathon Schaech) and Lenny Haise (Steve Zahn) to sit in with their band at an annual talent show, after their regular drummer breaks his arm trying to jump over a parking meter.
The band, which also includes a bass player (Ethan Embry), adopts the name "The Oneders" (pronounced "wonders", but often mispronounced "oh-NEE-ders").
At the talent show, Guy launches into a faster tempo than intended for Jimmy's ballad, "That Thing You Do", and the band wins the competition.
The Oneders' performance at the talent show earns them a paying gig at a local restaurant, where they begin to sell recordings of "That Thing You Do" and are noticed by talent promoter Phil Horace (Chris Ellis), whom they hire as their manager.
Horace achieves radio airplay for the song and books the band at a rock & roll showcase concert in Pittsburgh, after which they are offered a contract by Play-Tone Records A&R representative mr White (Hanks).
White changes the band's name to "The Wonders" as they join a Midwestern Play-Tone tour, taking along Jimmy's girlfriend, Faye (Liv Tyler) as their official "costume mistress".
During the tour, "That Thing You Do" garners national radio airplay and becomes a bona-fide hit.
As the band's popularity soars, Jimmy grows frustrated that the group is not focused on creating more music, while the remainder of the band enjoys their time in the spotlight.
All the while, Guy and Faye grow closer as friends.
When the song enters the top ten on the Billboard charts, the band is taken off the tour and sent to Los Angeles.
Faye falls ill on the trip and is nursed by Guy.
Jimmy is seemingly uninterested in her well-being, being preoccupied with trying to convince White to let the band record more of his original songs.
After a publicity tour, the band is set to appear on The Hollywood Television Showcase, a nationally-televised live variety show.
They begin to show signs of discord.
Jimmy continues to vent frustration at White over the band's direction.
The bass player (who was leaving to join the United States Marine Corps in a few weeks) goes to Disneyland with a group of Marines and never returns; he is replaced in the broadcast by a session bassist.
During the performance, as the band is being visually introduced to the viewing audience, the caption "Careful girls, he's engaged.
" appears under Jimmy's name.
Jimmy becomes upset with Faye in the dressing room afterward, and says that he has no intention of marrying her.
Heartbroken and weary with his arrogant personality and lack of devotion, Faye terminates their relationship.
The next day at a scheduled recording session, Lenny is missing, and Jimmy's grievances with White reach a boiling point and he quits the band.
Guy is sorry to see the end of the band.
White confronts him, and declares the band a one-hit wonder, but commends Guy for his smarts and integrity.
After an impromptu jam session with his idol, jazz pianist Del Paxton (Bill Cobbs), Guy returns to the band's hotel, where he meets Faye and shares a long kiss with her.
In an epilogue, it is revealed that Jimmy went back to Play-Tone and forms another band (The Heardsmen) and has a successful career as an artist and producer, Lenny becomes a casino manager, and the bass player earns a Purple Heart for injuries suffered at Khe Sanh.
Guy and Faye start a family in Washington, where Guy teaches jazz composition at a music conservatory that he and Faye open.
Nick Marshall, a Chicago advertising executive and alpha male, who grew up with his Las Vegas showgirl mother, is a chauvinist.
He is skilled at selling to men and seducing women.
Just as he thinks he's headed for a promotion, his manager, Dan, informs him that he is hiring Darcy McGuire instead, to broaden the firm's appeal to women.
Also, his estranged 15-year-old daughter Alex is spending two weeks with him while his ex-wife Gigi goes on her honeymoon with her new husband Ted.
Alex is embarrassed by Nick, and resents his being protective when he meets her boyfriend.
Desperate to prove himself to Darcy and Dan, Nick attempts to think of copy for a series of feminine products that Darcy distributed at the day's staff meeting.
He slips and falls into his bathtub while holding an electric hairdryer, shocking himself.
The next day, Nick wakes up and comes to realize that he can hear the innermost thoughts of all women.
This proves to be an epiphany for him as he realizes that most women, especially at work, dislike him and consider him to be sleazy.
When he goes to his old divorce therapist, dr Perkins (who also disliked him), she realizes his gift and encourages him to learn to use it to his advantage.
Nick eavesdrops on Darcy and sabotages her ideas to use as his own.
As he spends more time with Darcy, he realizes he is attracted to her.
When he tries to get closer to his daughter, she resents him for trying after so many years of neglect.
He is able to bond with her by helping her shop for a prom dress.
Using his gift, Nick detects that her boyfriend, who is older than Alex, plans to sleep with her and then dump her, but she does not want Nick's advice.
Nick and Darcy begin to spend more time together, and ultimately they kiss.
When he manages to trump Darcy out of her idea for a new Nike ad campaign aimed at women, he later regrets his selfishness, especially as it leads to her being fired.
Nick persuades his boss to give Darcy her job back by saying that it was all Darcy's idea.
Over time, Nick succeeds to rekindle some of his female acquaintance/ relationships especially at work.
Nick loses his gift during a storm while trying to find a company secretary, Erin, who (telepathic ability revealed) is contemplating suicide.
He stops her just in the nick of time and offers her a position for which she previously applied.
When Alex's boyfriend dumps her for refusing his sexual advances, Nick consoles her and is able to restore their relationship.
Nick finally visits Darcy and explains everything.
She forgives him and agrees to save him from himself, to which he responds "My hero".
Aurora Greenway (Shirley MacLaine) and Emma Greenway-Horton (Debra Winger) are mother and daughter searching for love.
Beginning with Emma's marriage, Aurora reveals how difficult and caring she can be.
The film centers around several years as they both find their reasons for going on living and finding joy.
Aurora finds Garrett Breedlove (Jack Nicholson), the retired astronaut next door.
The relationship between Emma and Aurora comes full circle when Emma is diagnosed with cancer that soon becomes terminal.
At film's end, they all show different ways of expressing love.
Charley Partanna is a hit man for a New York crime organization headed by the elderly Don Corrado Prizzi, whose business is generally handled by his sons Dominic and Eduardo and by his longtime right-hand man, Angelo, who is Charley's father.
At a family wedding, Charley is quickly infatuated with a beautiful woman he doesn't recognize.
He asks Maerose Prizzi, estranged daughter of Dominic, if she recognizes the woman, oblivious to the fact that Maerose still has feelings for Charley, having once been his lover.
Maerose is in disfavor with her father for running off with another man after the end of her romance with Charley.
Charley discovers that the mysterious woman, Irene, is a "contractor" who, like himself, performs assassinations for the mob.
He flies to California to spend time with her and quickly falls in love.
Unaware she is married, Charley also carries out a contract to kill Irene's husband, Marksie Heller, for robbing a Nevada casino.
She repays some of the money Marksie stole and in Mexico marries Charley.
Charley is unaware that Irene is suspected by the mob of having the rest of the money Marksie took.
A jealous Maerose travels there on her own to establish for a fact that Irene has double-crossed the organization.
The information restores Maerose to good graces somewhat with her father and the don.
Dominic, acting on his own, wants Charley out of the way and hires someone to do the hit, not knowing that he has just given the job to Charley's own wife.
Angelo sides with his son, and Eduardo is so appalled by his brother's actions that he helps set up Dominic's permanent removal from the family.
Irene and Charley team up on a kidnapping that will enrich the family, but she shoots a police captain's wife in the process, endangering the organization's business relationship with the cops.
The don is also still demanding a large sum of money from Irene for her unauthorized activities in Nevada, which she doesn't want to pay.
In time, the don tells Charley that his wife's "gotta go".
Things come to a head in California when, acting as if everything is all right, Charley comes home to his wife.
(A famous line from the movie, spoken by Charley, is "Do I marry her.
Do I ice her.
Which one of these.
") Each pulls a weapon simultaneously in the bedroom.
Irene ends up dead, and Charley ends up back in New York, missing her, but consoled by Maerose.
The story is told in three main arcs, with most of it occurring during a 24-month period beginning and ending at Thanksgiving parties hosted by Hannah (Mia Farrow) and her husband, Elliot (Michael Caine).
Hannah serves as the stalwart hub of the narrative; most of the events of the film connect to her.
Elliot becomes infatuated with one of Hannah's sisters, Lee (Barbara Hershey), and eventually begins an affair with her.
Elliot attributes his behavior to his discontent with his wife's self-sufficiency and resentment of her emotional strength.
Lee has lived for five years with a reclusive artist, Frederick (Max von Sydow), who is much older.
She finds her relationship with Frederick no longer intellectually or sexually stimulating, in spite of (or maybe because of) Frederick's professed interest in continuing to teach her.
She leaves Frederick after he discovers her affair with Elliot.
For the remainder of the year between the first and second Thanksgiving gatherings, Elliot and Lee carry on their affair despite Elliot's inability to end his marriage to Hannah.
Lee finally ends the affair during the second Thanksgiving, explaining that she is finished waiting for him to commit and that she has started dating someone else.
Hannah's ex-husband Mickey (Woody Allen), a television writer, is present mostly in scenes outside of the primary story.
Flashbacks reveal that his marriage to Hannah fell apart after they were unable to have children because of his infertility.
However, they had twins who are not biologically his, before divorcing.
He also went on a disastrous date with Hannah's sister Holly (Dianne Wiest) when they were set up after the divorce.
A hypochondriac, he goes to his doctor complaining of hearing loss, and is frightened by the possibility that it might be a brain tumor.
When tests prove that he is perfectly healthy, he is initially overjoyed, but then despairs that his life is meaningless.
His existential crisis leads to unsatisfying experiments with religious conversion to Catholicism and an interest in Krishna Consciousness.
Ultimately, an unsuccessful suicide attempt leads him to find meaning in his life after unexpectedly viewing the Marx Brothers' Duck Soup in a movie theater.
The revelation that life should be enjoyed, rather than understood, helps to prepare him for a second date with Holly, which this time blossoms into love.
Holly's story is the film's third main arc.
A former cocaine addict, she is an unsuccessful actress who cannot settle on a career.
After borrowing money from Hannah, she starts a catering business with April (Carrie Fisher), a friend and fellow actress.
Holly and April end up as rivals in auditions for parts in Broadway musicals, as well as for the affections of an architect (Sam Waterston).
Holly abandons the catering business after the romance with the architect fails and decides to try her hand at writing.
The career change forces her once again to borrow money from Hannah, a dependency that Holly resents.
She writes a script inspired by Hannah and Elliot, which greatly upsets Hannah.
It is suggested that much of the script involved personal details of Hannah and Elliot's marriage that had been conveyed to Holly through Lee (having been transmitted first from Elliot).
Although this threatens to expose the affair between Elliot and Lee, Elliot soon disavows disclosing any such details.
Holly sets aside her script, and instead writes a story inspired by her own life, which Mickey reads and admires greatly, vowing to help her get it produced and leading to their second date.
A minor arc in the film tells part of the story of Norma (Maureen O'Sullivan) and Evan (Lloyd Nolan).
They are the parents of Hannah and her two sisters, and still have acting careers of their own.
Their own tumultuous marriage revolves around Norma's alcoholism and alleged affairs, but the long-term bond between them is evident in Evan's flirtatious anecdotes about Norma while playing piano at the Thanksgiving gatherings.
By the time of the film's third Thanksgiving, Lee has married someone she met while taking classes at Columbia, while Hannah and Elliot have reconciled their marriage.
The film's final shot reveals that Holly is married to Mickey and that she is pregnant.
The first part of the novel is set in Florence, Italy, and describes a young English woman's first visit to Florence, at a time when upper middle class English women were starting to lead independent, adventurous lives.
Lucy Honeychurch is touring Italy with her overbearing older cousin and chaperone, Charlotte Bartlett, and the novel opens with their complaints about the hotel, "The Pension Bertolini".
Their primary concern is that although rooms with a view of the River Arno have been promised for each of them, their rooms instead look over a courtyard.
A mr Emerson interrupts their "peevish wrangling," offering to swap rooms as he and his son, George Emerson, look over the Arno.
This behaviour causes Miss Bartlett some consternation, as it appears impolite.
Without letting Lucy speak, Miss Bartlett refuses the offer, looking down on the Emersons because of their unconventional behaviour and thinking it would place her under an "unseemly obligation" towards them.
However, another guest at the pension, an Anglican clergyman named mr Beebe, persuades the pair to accept the offer, assuring Miss Bartlett that mr Emerson only meant to be kind.
The next day, while Charlotte rests in the pension, Lucy decides to spend a "long morning" in the Basilica of Santa Croce, led by another guest, Miss Eleanor Lavish, a novelist who promises her an adventure.
The older woman immediately takes away Lucy's Baedeker guidebook, which, she says, only touches the surface of things.
She will show Lucy the "true Italy".
But on the way to Santa Croce, chattering away, the two take a wrong turn and get lost.
After drifting for hours through various streets and piazzas, they finally make it back to the square in front of the church only to have the novelist abandon Lucy in pursuit of an old man who, she says, is her "local colour box".
Inside the church, Lucy meets the Emersons again.
Although their manners are awkward and they are deemed socially unacceptable by the other guests, Lucy likes them and continues to run into them in Florence.
One afternoon Lucy witnesses a murder in Florence.
George Emerson happens to be nearby and catches her when she faints.
Lucy asks George to retrieve some photographs of hers that happen to be near the murder site.
George, out of confusion, throws her photographs into the river because they were spotted with blood.
Lucy observes how boyish George is.
As they stop to look over the River Arno before making their way back to the hotel, they have an intimate conversation.
After this, Lucy decides to avoid George, partly because she is confused by her feelings and partly to keep her cousin happy—Miss Bartlett is wary of the eccentric Emersons, particularly after a comment made by another clergyman, mr Eager, that mr Emerson "murdered his wife in the sight of God".
Later on in the week, a party made up of Beebe, Eager, the Emersons, Miss Lavish, Miss Bartlett and Lucy Honeychurch make their way to Fiesole, in carriages driven by Italians.
The driver is permitted to invite a woman he claims is his sister onto the box of the carriage, and when he kisses her, mr Eager promptly forces the lady to get off the carriage box.
mr Emerson remarks how it is defeat rather than victory to part two people in love.
In the fields, Lucy searches for mr Beebe, and asks in poor Italian for the driver to show her the way.
Misunderstanding, he leads her to a field where George stands.
George is overcome by Lucy's beauty among a field of violets and kisses her, but they are interrupted by Lucy's cousin, who is outraged.
Lucy promises Miss Bartlett that she will not tell her mother of the "insult" George has paid her because Miss Bartlett fears she will be blamed.
The two women leave for Rome the next day before Lucy is able to say goodbye to George.
In Rome, Lucy spends time with Cecil Vyse, whom she knew in England.
Cecil proposes to Lucy twice in Italy; she rejects him both times.
As Part Two begins, Lucy has returned to Surrey, England to her family home, Windy Corner.
Cecil proposes yet again at Windy Corner, and this time she accepts.
Cecil is a sophisticated and "superior" Londoner who is desirable in terms of rank and class, even though he despises country society; he is also somewhat of a comic figure in the novel, as he gives himself airs and is quite pretentious.
The vicar, mr Beebe, announces that new tenants have leased a local cottage; the new arrivals turn out to be the Emersons, who have been told of the available cottage at a chance meeting with Cecil; the young man brought them to the village as a comeuppance to the cottage's landlord, whom Cecil thinks to be a snob.
Fate takes an ironic turn as Lucy's brother, Freddy, meets George and invites him to bathe in a nearby pond.
Freddy, George and Mr Beebe go to the pond, in the woods, take off their clothes and swim.
They enjoy themselves so much they end up running around the pond and through the bushes, until Lucy, her mother, and Cecil arrive, having taken a short-cut through the woods.
Freddy later invites George to play tennis at Windy Corner.
Although Lucy is initially mortified at the thought of facing both George and Cecil (who is also visiting Windy Corner that Sunday), she resolves to be gracious.
Cecil annoys everyone by pacing around and reading aloud from a light romance novel that contains a scene suspiciously reminiscent of when George kissed Lucy in Florence.
George catches Lucy alone in the garden and kisses her again.
Lucy realises that the novel is by Miss Lavish (the writer-acquaintance from Florence) and that Charlotte must thus have told her about the kiss.
Furious with Charlotte for betraying her secret, Lucy forces her cousin to watch as she tells George to leave and never return.
George argues with her, saying that Cecil only sees her as an "object for the shelf" and will never love her enough to grant her independence, while George loves her for who she is.
Lucy is moved but remains firm.
Later that evening, after Cecil again rudely declines to play tennis, Lucy sours on Cecil and immediately breaks off her engagement.
She decides to flee to Greece with acquaintances from her trip to Florence, but shortly before her departure she accidentally encounters mr Emerson senior.
He is not aware that Lucy has broken her engagement with Cecil, and Lucy cannot lie to the old man.
mr Emerson forces Lucy to admit out loud that she has been in love with his son George all along.
The novel ends in Florence, in melodramatic fashion, where George and Lucy have eloped without her mother's consent.
Although Lucy "had alienated Windy Corner, perhaps for ever," the story ends with the promise of lifelong love for both her and George.
In some editions, an appendix to the novel is given entitled "A View without a Room," written by Forster in 1958 as to what occurred between Lucy and George after the events of the novel.
It is Forster's afterthought of the novel, and he quite clearly states that "I cannot think where George and Lucy live".
They were quite comfortable up until the end of World War I, with Charlotte Bartlett leaving them all her money in her will, but the war ruined their happiness according to Forster.
George became a conscientious objector, lost his government job but was given non-combatant duties to avoid prison, leaving Mrs Honeychurch deeply upset with her son-in-law.
Mr Emerson died during the course of the war, shortly after having an argument with the police about Lucy continuing to play Beethoven (a German composer) on the piano during the war.
Eventually they had three children, two girls and a boy, and moved to Carshalton from Highgate to find a home.
Despite their wanting to move into Windy Corner after the death of Mrs Honeychurch, Freddy sold the house to support his family as he was "an unsuccessful but prolific doctor".
After the outbreak of World War II, George immediately enlisted as he saw the need to stop Hitler and the Nazi regime, but was not faithful to Lucy during his time at war.
Lucy was left homeless after her flat in Watford was bombed and the same happened to her married daughter in Nuneaton.
George rose to the rank of corporal but was taken prisoner by the Italians in Africa.
Once the Fascist government in Italy fell, George returned to Florence finding it "in a mess" but he was unable to find the Pension Bertolini, stating "the View was still there and that the room must be there, too, but could not be found".
Forster ends by stating that George and Lucy await World War III, but with no word on where they live, for even he does not know.
Thirty-seven-year-old Loretta Castorini (Cher), a Sicilian-American widow, is a bookkeeper in Brooklyn Heights, New York, where she lives with her family: her father Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) a successful plumber; her mother Rose (Olympia Dukakis); and her paternal grandfather (Feodor Chaliapin, Jr).
Her boyfriend Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello) proposes to her before leaving for Sicily to be with his dying mother; she accepts, but is insistent that they carefully follow tradition as she believes her first marriage was cursed by her failure to do so, resulting in her husband's death.
Johnny asks Loretta to invite his estranged younger brother Ronny (Nicolas Cage) to the wedding.
Loretta returns home and informs her parents of the engagement.
Cosmo dislikes Johnny and is reluctant to commit to paying for the "real" wedding Loretta insists on, while Rose is pleased that Loretta likes Johnny but does not love him; she believes that one can easily be driven crazy by a partner whom one loves.
The next day, Loretta goes to see Ronny at his bakery.
He reveals that he has a wooden prosthetic hand, and he explains that he blames Johnny for the loss of his hand and his own fiancée; Ronny became distracted while talking to Johnny as he cut bread for him, his hand was mangled in the slicer, and his fiancée left him.
Loretta insists that they discuss the matter upstairs in his apartment, where she cooks for him and then tells him that she believes he is a "wolf" who cut off his own hand to escape the trap of a bad relationship.
Ronny reacts furiously and passionately, kissing Loretta (who responds to his kiss) and then carrying her to his bed where they make love.
At the same time, Cosmo is dining with his mistress Mona (Anita Gillette) and giving her jewelry.
That evening, Rose's brother Raymond (Louis Guss) and his wife Rita (Julie Bovasso) join Rose and Cosmo for dinner, and they all wonder where Loretta is.
Raymond recalls that when he was a boy and Cosmo was courting Rose, he thought that a particularly bright moon one night was somehow brought to the house by Cosmo because of his love for Rose.
That night, Loretta remains at Ronny's apartment and sees such a moon; Raymond sees it as well, and it leads him and Rita to make love.
The next morning, Loretta tells Ronny they can never see each other again.
She slaps him when he claims to be in love with her ("Snap out of it.
") and he agrees to never see her again if she will attend the opera (his other great love) with him that night.
She agrees.
She then goes to church and confesses her infidelity.
She unexpectedly sees her mother there, and Rose tells her that Cosmo is having an affair; Loretta is doubtful.
Loretta then goes to Raymond and Rita's store to close out the cash register, after which she impulsively goes to the hair salon and buys a glamorous evening gown.
Loretta and Ronny (wearing a tuxedo) meet at Lincoln Center, and each is impressed with the other's appearance.
Loretta is deeply moved by her first opera, Puccini's La bohème.
But as they leave, Loretta sees Cosmo and Mona, and she confronts her father.
He sees that she is with Ronny, and he suggests that they simply agree that they didn't see each other at all, but Loretta is conflicted.
Loretta then intends to return home alone, but Ronny leads her back to his apartment where he passionately and desperately persuades her into another tryst.
The same night, Rose dines alone at a restaurant and sees a college professor, Perry (John Mahoney), being dramatically dumped by a female student, a similar scene having played out with a different girl the night Johnny proposed to Loretta.
Rose invites Perry to dine with her, asks him why men pursue women, and then shares with him her belief that men pursue women because they fear death.
Perry walks Rose home and tries to convince her to invite him in; she refuses "because I'm married.
Because I know who I am".
Later, Johnny unexpectedly returns from Sicily after his mother's "miraculous" recovery and goes to Loretta's house; Rose explains that she's not there and then asks him why men chase women.
He tells her it may be because they fear death, with which Rose agrees.
After this exchange he leaves, planning to return in the morning to see Loretta.
In the morning, Loretta returns home in a reverie but is then distressed to learn from Rose that Johnny will be there soon.
Ronny then arrives, and Rose notes their matching "love bites" and invites him for breakfast over Loretta's objections.
Cosmo and his father emerge from upstairs, and the older man cajoles Cosmo into agreeing to pay for Loretta's wedding.
Rose then confronts Cosmo and, after he acknowledges in response to her questioning that she has been a good wife, demands that he end his affair; he is upset but agrees and, after insistence from Rose, also agrees to go to confession, and they then affirm their love for each other.
Raymond and Rita also arrive, concerned and seemingly reluctantly suspicious, to find out why Loretta didn't make the previous day's bank deposit; they are relieved to learn that she merely forgot and still has the money.
When Johnny finally arrives, he breaks off the engagement, superstitiously believing that their marriage would cause his mother's death.
Loretta, momentarily offended by his breaking the engagement, chastises Johnny for breaking his promise and throws the engagement ring at him.
Seizing the moment, Ronny borrows the ring and asks Loretta to marry him; she accepts.
To Rose's chagrin, Loretta declares that she loves Ronny.
The family toasts the couple with champagne and a befuddled Johnny joins in at the grandfather's urging, as he will now be part of the family after all.
Tess McGill (Melanie Griffith) is an Irish American working-class stockbroker's secretary from Staten Island with a bachelor's degree in Business from evening classes.
She aspires to reach an executive position.
Tricked by her boss (Oliver Platt) into a date with his lascivious colleague (Kevin Spacey), she gets into trouble by publicly insulting him and is reassigned as secretary to a new financial executive, Katharine Parker (Sigourney Weaver).
Seemingly supportive, Katharine encourages Tess to share ideas.
Tess suggests that a client, Trask Industries, should invest in radio to gain a foothold in media.
Katharine listens to the idea and says she'll pass it through some people.
Later, she says the idea wasn't well received.
But when Katharine breaks her leg skiing in Europe, she asks Tess to house-sit.
While at Katharine's place, Tess discovers some meeting notes where Katharine plans to pass off the merger idea as her own.
At home, Tess finds her boyfriend (Alec Baldwin) in bed with another woman.
Disillusioned, she returns to Katharine's apartment and begins her transformation.
Tess sets up a meeting with executive Jack Trainer (Harrison Ford), using her boss's name as an entrée.
She wants to see Trainer the evening before the meeting at a party, which she will attend in a dress of Katharine's.
Before the party, when Tess suffers a panic attack, her friend Cynthia (Joan Cusack) gives her a valium from Katharine's bathroom.
At the party, Tess unknowingly meets Jack, who is fascinated by her.
They have a couple of drinks, and the combined effect of valium and alcohol lead to her waking next morning in Jack's bed.
She leaves before he wakes and, entering the meeting, realizes Jack Trainer is the man she had spent the night with.
She feels the pitch goes badly.
Back at her desk, she is mortified about the night before, but Jack comes in and says they are happy with Tess's idea.
Days later, Tess and Jack gatecrash Trask's (Philip Bosco) daughter’s (Barbara Garrick) wedding and pitch their plan.
Trask is interested, and a meeting is set up.
Later, Tess and Jack end up in bed together.
Tess wants to explain her true situation but keeps quiet after learning Jack has been in a relationship with Katharine, which he says is all but over.
Katharine comes home on the day of the meeting with Trask.
Tess overhears Katharine asking Jack to confirm his love for her, but he avoids answering and hurries out.
Tess also rushes off, leaving her appointment book, which Katharine reads.
The meeting goes well until Katharine storms in, accusing Tess, a mere secretary, of having stolen her idea.
Tess protests but leaves, apologizing.
Days later, Tess clears out her desk and then bumps into Jack, Katharine, and Trask in front of the lobby elevators.
Tess confronts Katharine and starts to tell everyone her side of the story.
Katharine tries to lead the group away, but Jack says he believes Tess.
When Trask hears a convincing tidbit, he hops off the closing elevator, leaving Katharine still in the lift.
Trask gets on another elevator with Jack and Tess, where Tess then gives her elevator pitch to Trask, telling him the roundabout way in which she came up with the idea for the merger.
When they get to their office floor, Trask confronts Katharine, asking her how she came up with the idea.
She stumbles and balks and can't really explain where the idea came from.
Katharine is fired on the spot for her fraud, and Trask offers Tess an "entry-level" job with his company.
Tess starts her new job, armed with a lunchbox prepared by Jack.
Directed to an office, she sees a woman on the phone, assumes she is her new boss, and seats herself in the typing pool.
The woman (Amy Aquino) reveals that she is, in fact, Tess’s secretary and that Tess is the new junior executive for whom she is working.
Tess insists they work together as colleagues, showing she will be very different from Katharine.
She then calls Cynthia from her office overlooking Manhattan to say she's landed her dream job.
Melvin Udall is a misanthrope who works at home as a best-selling novelist in New York City.
He suffers from obsessive-compulsive disorder which, paired with his misanthropy, alienates nearly everyone with whom he interacts.
He avoids stepping on sidewalk cracks while walking through the city due to a superstition of bad luck, and eats breakfast at the same table in the same restaurant every day using disposable plastic utensils he brings with him due to his pathological fear of germs.
He takes an interest in his waitress, Carol Connelly, the only server at the restaurant who can tolerate his behavior.
One day, Melvin's apartment neighbor, a gay artist named Simon Bishop, is assaulted and nearly killed during a robbery.
Melvin is intimidated by Simon's agent, Frank Sachs, into caring for Simon's dog, Verdell, while Simon is hospitalized.
Although he initially does not enjoy caring for the dog, Melvin becomes emotionally attached to it.
He simultaneously receives more attention from Carol.
When Simon is released from the hospital, Melvin is unable to cope emotionally with returning the dog.
Melvin's life is further altered when Carol decides to work closer to her home in Brooklyn so she can care for her acutely asthmatic son Spencer ("Spence").
Unable to adjust to another waitress, Melvin arranges through his publisher, whose husband is a doctor, to pay for her son's considerable medical expenses as long as Carol agrees to return to work.
She is overwhelmed at his generosity, and they agree there will be no physical relationship.
Meanwhile, Simon's assault and rehabilitation, coupled with Verdell's preference for Melvin, causes Simon to lose his creative muse.
Simon is approaching bankruptcy due to his medical bills.
Frank convinces him to go to Baltimore to ask his estranged parents for money.
Because Frank is too busy to take the injured Simon to Baltimore himself, Melvin reluctantly agrees to do so – Frank lends Melvin the use of his Saab 900 convertible for the trip.
Melvin invites Carol to accompany them on the trip to lessen the awkwardness.
She reluctantly accepts the invitation, and relationships among the three develop.
Once in Baltimore, Carol persuades Melvin to take her out to have dinner.
Melvin's comments during the dinner greatly flatter—and subsequently upset—Carol, and she abruptly leaves.
Upon seeing the frustrated Carol, Simon begins to sketch her semi-nude in his hotel room and rekindles his creativity, once more feeling a desire to paint.
He briefly reconnects with his parents, but is able to tell them that he'll be fine.
After returning to New York, Carol tells Melvin that she does not want him in her life anymore.
She later regrets her statement and calls him to apologize.
The relationship between Melvin and Carol remains complicated until Simon (whom Melvin has allowed to move in with him until he can fully heal from his injuries and get a new apartment) convinces Melvin to declare his love for her.
Melvin goes to see Carol, who is hesitant, but agrees to try and establish a relationship with him.
The film ends with Melvin and Carol walking together.
As he opens the door at an early morning pastry shop for Carol, he realizes that he has stepped on a crack in the pavement, but doesn't seem to mind.
In the year 1900, a British writer named Christian (Ewan McGregor), suffering from depression, begins writing on his typewriter ("Nature Boy").
As Christian narrates, the film flashes back to one year earlier upon Christian's move to the Montmartre district of Paris to become a writer among members of the area's Bohemian movement.
He soon discovers that his neighbours are a loose troupe of performers led by Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec (John Leguizamo).
Toulouse-Lautrec and the others ask for Christian's help, and his writing skills allow them to finish their proposed show, "Spectacular Spectacular", that they wish to sell to the owner of the Moulin Rouge, Harold Zidler (Jim Broadbent).
The group arrives at the Moulin Rouge as Zidler and his "Diamond Dog Dancers" perform for the audience ("Zidler's Rap Medley").
Toulouse arranges for Christian to see Satine (Nicole Kidman), the star courtesan, in her private quarters to present the work, unaware that Zidler is promising Satine to the wealthy and unscrupulous Duke of Monroth (Richard Roxburgh), a potential investor in the cabaret ("Sparkling Diamonds").
Satine mistakes Christian for the Duke, and dances with him before retiring to her private chamber with him to discuss things confidentially ("Rhythm of the Night", "Meet Me in the Red Room"), but soon learns he is just a writer ("Your Song").
The Duke interrupts them; Christian and Satine claim they were practicing lines for "Spectacular Spectacular".
With Zidler's help, Toulouse and the rest of the troupe pitch the show to the Duke with an improvised plot about an evil maharajah attempting to woo an Indian courtesan who loves a poor sitar player ("The Pitch (Spectacular Spectacular)").
The Duke backs the show on the condition that only he may see Satine.
Satine contemplates on Christian and her longing to leave the Moulin Rouge to become "a real actress" ("One Day I'll Fly Away").
Christian goes back to Satine to convince her that they should be together, she eventually falls for him ("Elephant Love Medley").
As the cabaret is converted to a theater, Christian and Satine continue seeing each other under the pretense of rehearsing Satine's lines.
The Duke becomes suspicious of their frequent meetings and warns Zidler that he may stop financing the show; Zidler arranges for Satine to dine with the Duke that evening, but she falls ill from tuberculosis ("If I should die (Górecki)").
Zidler makes excuses to the Duke, claiming that Satine has gone to confession ("Like a Virgin").
Zidler learns that Satine does not have long to live.
Satine tells Christian that their relationship endangers the show, but he counters by writing a secret love song to affirm their love ("Come What May").
As the Duke watches Christian rehearsing with Satine, Nini, a jealous performer, points out that the play is a metaphor for Christian, Satine and the Duke.
Enraged, the Duke demands the ending be changed with the courtesan choosing the maharajah; Satine offers to spend the night with the Duke to keep the original ending.
At the Duke's quarters, Satine sees Christian on the streets below, and realizes she cannot sleep with the Duke.
("El Tango de Roxanne (Roxanne)").
The Duke attempts to rape her, but she is saved by Le Chocolat, one of the cabaret dancers.
Reunited with Christian, he urges her to run away with him.
The Duke tells Zidler he will have Christian killed if Satine is not his.
Zidler reiterates this warning to Satine, but when she refuses to return, he finally informs her she is dying ("A Fool to Believe").
Zidler tells Satine that to save Christian's life, she has to tell him that she will be staying with the Duke and she doesn't love him ("The Show Must Go On").
Christian tries following her, but is denied entry to the Moulin Rouge, and becomes depressed, even though Toulouse insists that Satine does love him.
The night of the show, Christian sneaks into the Moulin Rouge, intending to pay Satine to return his love just as the Duke paid for her ("Hindi Sad Diamonds").
He catches Satine before she steps on stage and demands she tell him she does not love him.
Suddenly they find themselves in the spotlight; Zidler improvises and convinces the audience that Christian is the sitar player in disguise.
Christian denounces Satine and walks off the stage.
From the rafters, Toulouse cries out, "The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return", spurring Satine to sing the song Christian wrote to express their love.
Christian returns to the stage, joining her in the song and reaffirming his love for her.
The Duke orders his bodyguard to kill Christian, but is thwarted, while the Duke's own attempt is stopped by Zidler.
The Duke storms out of the cabaret as Christian and Satine complete their song ("Come What May (Reprise)", "Coup d'État (Finale)").
After the curtain closes, Satine succumbs to tuberculosis.
Before she dies, Christian and Satine affirm their love and she tells him to write their story.
A year later the Moulin Rouge has closed down, and Christian finishes writing the tale of his love for Satine, a "love that will live forever" ("Nature Boy (Reprise)").
Pierre Mirande (Maurice Chevalier), is a Venetian tour guide from a poor French family who falls in love with Barbara Billings (Claudette Colbert), a wealthy American tourist whose father (George Barbier).
Although Barbara loves Pierre as well, her suitor, Ronnie (Frank Lyon) and her father see him as a fortune-hunter.
Barbara's mother (Marion Ballou) persuades her husband to give Pierre a job in his chewing-gum factory in the States.
Despite living in a dingy boardinghouse and being given the hardest job in the plant, he manages to captivate his landlady (Andrée Corday) and the maid (Elaine Koch) with his humorous songs.
Unfortunately, he falls asleep on the night he is to attend Barbara's party, and is then fired when he is wrongly accused of spilling rum on some chewing gum samples.
He wins back his job, and is promoted as well, when he sells liquor-coated chewing gum as a sales gimmick.
Barbara disapproves, and plans to marry Ronnie, but Pierre whisks her away in a speedboat.
Architects Oscar Novak (Perry) and Peter Steinberg (Platt) have just landed a career-making opportunity to design of a multimillion dollar cultural center for wealthy businessman Charles Newman (McDermott).
In a ploy for publicity, Newman has pitched Oscar and Peter in a neck-and-neck competition with their archrivals and former colleagues, the hugely successful Decker and Strauss (Bob Balaban and John McGinley).
When Newman meets Oscar and Peter, he assumes that they are lovers, even though Oscar is straight.
(Peter is in fact gay, but his relationship with Oscar is strictly platonic) Under the mistaken impression that Oscar is gay, he asks Oscar to keep an eye on his mistress Amy (Campbell) and make sure that she doesn't talk to his wife.
Oscar falls for Amy virtually on sight, but she thinks he's gay.
He is forced to maintain the charade to avoid getting into trouble with Newman, and losing the commission.
Matters become complicated when a news article about Oscar and Peter's supposed relationship is published in a newspaper, leaving Oscar in the increasingly frustrating position of having to fend off advances from various gay men while convincing his friends and family that he is simply pretending to be gay.
Amy even sets him up on a date with her ex-boyfriend, football player Kevin Cartwright (Cylk Cozart), but Oscar manages to defuse the situation by saying that he's in love with someone else.
Despite the embarrassing misconceptions, Oscar forms a close bond with Amy as they continue to spend time together-to the extent that Amy moves in with him after she is kicked out of her apartment.
At the final presentation for the cultural center, Oscar and Peter receive the commission, but Oscar is simultaneously told that he has won the award for Gay Professional Man of the Year, with Newman deciding that he will reveal his decision after the ceremony.
After an awkward meeting between Amy and Newman's wife at the party, she and Oscar go to a bar.
Amy leaves in frustration after she nearly kisses him, prompting a brief argument between her and Oscar where Oscar states that her relationship with Newman has no future.
After spending the day alone, Oscar attends the award ceremony for Gay Professional Man of the Year.
Although he initially continues his charade, while looking out at the people before him, he instead makes a passionate speech about how he admires all the men and women here who were able to tell the truth to their families about how they feel, ending the speech by "coming out of the closet" as he admits that he's straight and in love with Amy.
As he is applauded for having the courage to admit the truth, he runs after Amy, only for her to punch both him and Newman and storming out.
Peter then awkwardly accepts the prize that comes with the award: a date with Kevin.
However, as Oscar sits in a restaurant where he and Amy ate together on the night they met, Amy comes to see him.
She says that she loves him too, and they kiss.
In a post-credit sequence, Newman's wife Olivia (Kelly Rowan) convinces him to go with Oscar and Peter's design, revealing that she knew about him and Amy and informing him bluntly that Oscar and Peter did the better job.
Babes in Arms opens in Seaport, Rhode Island in the 1930s.
Val and Marshall’s vaudeville parents leave them behind to do the circuits.
Val then meets Billie, a girl who has driven from the coast, only to have her car break down.
They then sing a love song about how they feel as though they have met before (Where or When).
The Sheriff then visits them to inform them that they have to work at the work farm because they are not yet 21.
They then decide that they will stick around instead and find another way to support themselves (Babes in Arms).
The “kids” form a group with Val as the leader.
After deciding nothing, except that violence is good, they disperse.
Dolores, the Sheriff’s daughter, talks to Gus, her ex, who tries to woo her, failing.
They then sing and flirt about how they do not care that their relationship is over (I Wish I Were in Love Again).
Marshall then arrives, jealous.
Then Val enters mentioning that he has also kissed her, a fight begins and escalates when others enter.
The sheriff comes in and the kids pretend to be dancing.
This causes Val to decide to put on their own follies.
The Sheriff decides to give them two weeks to put on the show (Babes in Arms Reprise).
Later, Val enters and tells Irving and Ivor to practice their number (Light on Our Feet).
Lee then arrives and chastises his brother, Beauregard, for hanging out with “the blacks”.
Billie then uses her womanly guiles to convince Lee to invest his money in the show.
Lee then smears some of her lipstick on his cheek and convinces the boys that she kissed him.
They then bring on “Baby Rose” a former child star to be in their show who performs a number she learned (Way Out West).
Billie then enters with a jealous Val.
After calming him, they discuss the show.
Lee does not want Irving and Ivan in the show, After learning this, Val leaves in a huff.
Billie reflects on her romance with Val (My Funny Valentine).
They transition into the day of show and show the final number of the follies performed by Baby Rose (Johnny One Note).
Backstage, Lee and Val fight over letting Irving and Ivan go on despite their race.
Val punches Lee and Irving and Ivan go and do the big dance finale (Johnny One Note Ballet).
Act 2 opens on the gang sitting despondently trying to cheer each other up because they are at the work farm (Imagine).
Val comes in and calls them away to lunch, staying behind to inform Billie that his parents will be away for 3-4 more months.
They talk and Val mocks Billies beliefs on luck and her immaturity (All at Once).
For the gang’s first night off, the sheriff is throwing a party in a field on Val’s property.
The former communist Peter enters, having won money in a raffle, and proclaims that he is to travel the world and not share his money to which the gang is upset (Imagine Reprise).
Cut to a surprisingly long ballet dream sequence of his travels (Peter’s Ballet).
Continuing pre ballet he decides to invest the money (Imagine Reprise 2).
Later at the party, the Sheriff attempts to make good with the kids.
Billie tells Val that she plans on leaving The Farm for the road.
Val insists on going with her before being called back to the kitchen.
Billie sings about how she doesn’t mind driving around.
She also talks about how she likes living on her own terms (Lady is a Tramp).
Peter returns to the party informing the crew that he lost all the money.
The gang leaves following the radio for news of a cross atlantic flight and Deloris tells Gus that she will come work on the farm to be with him.
He reacts by telling her how she doesn’t return his affections and drags him along (You are so Fair).
After pretending to not care about each other they admit that they like each other.
The gang re-enters and listen to the radio.
They realise the Aviator must make a forced landing, and in their field nonetheless.
After much scrambling, they call the airport to get reporters to come, and Val decides to impersonate the aviator.
The reporters believe his impersonation and the city decides to throw the aviator a party.
After concocting a scheme, Billie takes control of the unconscious and tied up aviator and relishes in the fact that the gang treats her as an equal (Lady is a Tramp Reprise).
At the party, the gang repeatedly interrupts the mayor introducing the aviator to delay it.
Performing a variety of musical numbers (Specialty: You are so fair, Imagine, My Funny Valentine, Light on Our Feet, and Lady is a Tramp).
After The Aviator successfully does the speech the entire chorus performs a rousing closing number (Finale Ultimo).
The film begins with Thomas "Boats" Gilhooley (Lee Marvin), an expatriate United States Navy veteran, working aboard a freighter.
When he realizes that the ship is passing by Haleakaloha, French Polynesia, and not actually stopping there, he jumps ship to swim to the island.
Next, Michael "Guns" Donovan (John Wayne), another expatriateS.
Navy veteran and a former shipmate of Gilhooley, returns from a fishing trip aboard an outrigger canoe.
Donovan is greeted by William "Doc" Dedham (Jack Warden), also aS.
Navy veteran and the only physician in the archipelago, who is about to begin a one or two week pre-Christmas circuit of the "outer islands," taking care of the health needs of the residents.
Dedham's three children are placed in Donovan's care.
The kids' plans for a peaceful celebration of Donovan's birthday on December 7 are shattered by the arrival of Gilhooley, who shares the same birthday.
There is an unbroken 21-year tradition that Donovan and Gilhooley have a knock-down, drag-out fight every birthday—-to the delight of the local observers-—and their 22nd year does not break the tradition.
The two vets meet in (and trash) "Donovan's Reef," the saloon owned by Donovan.
Miss Amelia Dedham (Elizabeth Allen) is a "proper" young lady "of means" from Boston, who has become the chairman of the board of the Dedham Shipping Company.
Her father is Doc Dedham, whom she has never met, but who now has inherited a large block of stock in the family company, making him the majority stockholder.
She travels to Haleakaloha in hope of finding proof that Doc has violated an outdated (but still in effect) morality clause in the will which would keep him from inheriting the stock and thus enable her to retain control.
When word reaches Haleakaloha that Miss Dedham is on the way, a scheme is concocted by Donovan, Gilhooley, and the Marquis de Lage (Cesar Romero).
De Lage is Haleakaloha's French governor, who hopes to find a post somewhere else.
Donovan is to pretend to be the father of Doc's three children (Leilani, Sarah and Luke), until Doc comes back and can explain things to the prim, proper Boston lady.
The plan is reluctantly accepted by the oldest daughter, Leilani, who believes the deception is because she and her siblings are not white.
The plan works, and Amelia is told that her father, Donovan and Gilhooley were marooned on the Japanese-occupied island after their destroyer was sunk in World War II.
With the help of the locals, the three men conducted a guerrilla war against the Japanese.
She also learns that her father built a hospital, and lives in a large house (she had obviously expected to find a shack).
A mystery develops as she enters the house and sees a portrait of a beautiful Polynesian woman in royal trappings.
This was Doc's wife, the mother of his children.
Amelia is not told of the relationship, but she learns that the woman was named Manulani.
Donovan mentions that Luke's mother had died in childbirth.
As the story develops, Amelia learns that life in the islands is not as she expected, and neither is Donovan, who proves to be educated and intelligent, and the owner of a substantial local shipping operation.
Amelia, too, is not as expected, as when she strips off her outdated "swimming costume" to reveal a tight swimsuit, challenges Donovan to a swimming race, and dives into the water.
They develop a truce, as de Lage tries to court Amelia (or rather, her $18,000,000).
When dr Dedham returns, father and daughter meet for the first time (Amelia: "Doctor Dedham, I presume.
").
He has been told about the deception, and over dinner he explains that he was serving in World War II when his wife (Amelia's mother) died.
When the war ended, he felt that he was not needed in Boston, but was desperately needed in the islands, so he stayed.
He has even signed over his stock to Amelia, as he intends to remain in the islands.
Just as he is about to explain about Manulani and their children (described by Amelia as "half-caste"), a hospital emergency interrupts.
It turns out that Manulani was the granddaughter of the last hereditary prince of the islands, and Amelia finally puts all of the pieces together to solve the mystery.
Leilani-—Manulani's daughter-—is not only the island's princess, but Amelia's sister, a relationship which is tearfully but joyfully acknowledged by both girls.
Amelia and Donovan evolve their truce into marriage plans, despite her blaming him (correctly) for the attempt to deceive her as to her half-siblings' true paternity.
Gilhooley also finally marries his longtime girlfriend, Miss Lafleur (Dorothy Lamour).
Donovan points out the new sign on the saloon, which is now "Gilhooley's Reef".
Donovan has given the bar to his old shipmate as a wedding present.
Edward Lewis, a successful corporate raider in Los Angeles on business, accidentally ends up on Hollywood Boulevard in the city's red-light district, after breaking up with his girlfriend during an unpleasant phone call in which he appears highly controlling; he asks her to escort him during his trip, but she is offended that he treats her as his 'beck and call girl'.
Leaving a party, he takes his lawyer's Lotus Esprit luxury car, and encounters a prostitute, Vivian Ward.
He stops for her, having difficulties driving the car, and asks for directions to Beverly Hills.
He asks her to get in and guide him to the Beverly Hills Regent Hotel, where he is staying.
It becomes clear that Vivian knows more about the Lotus than he does, and he lets her drive.
Vivian charges Lewis $20 for the ride, and they separate.
She goes to a bus stop, where he finds her and offers to hire her for the night; later, he asks Vivian to play the role his girlfriend has refused, offering her $3000 to stay with him for the next six days as well as paying for a new, more acceptable wardrobe for her.
That evening, visibly moved by her transformation, Edward begins seeing Vivian in a different light.
He begins to open up to her, revealing his personal and business lives.
Edward takes Vivian to a polo match in hopes of networking for his business deal.
His attorney, Phillip, suspects Vivian is a corporate spy, and Edward tells him how they truly met.
Phillip later approaches Vivian, suggesting they do business once her work with Edward is finished.
Insulted, and furious that Edward has revealed their secret, Vivian wants to end the arrangement.
Edward apologizes, and admits to feeling jealous of a business associate to whom Vivian paid attention at the match.
Vivian's straightforward personality is rubbing off on Edward, and he finds himself acting in unaccustomed ways.
Clearly growing involved, Edward takes Vivian in his private jet to see La Traviata in San Francisco.
Vivian is moved to tears by the story of the prostitute who falls in love with a rich man; after the opera, they appear to have fallen in love.
Vivian breaks her "no kissing on the mouth" rule (which her friend Kit taught her), and he offers to put her up in an apartment so she can be off the streets.
Hurt, she refuses, says this is not the "fairy tale" she dreamed of as a child, in which a knight on a white horse rescues her.
Meeting with the tycoon whose shipbuilding company he is in the process of "raiding," Edward changes his mind.
His time with Vivian has shown him a different way of looking at life, and he suggests working together to save the company rather than tearing it apart and selling off the pieces.
Phillip, furious at losing so much money, goes to the hotel to confront Edward, but finds only Vivian.
Blaming her for the change in Edward, he attempts to rape her.
Edward arrives, punches him in the face, and throws him out.
With his business inA.
complete, Edward asks Vivian to stay one more night with him -- because she wants to, not because he's paying her.
She refuses.
On his way to the airport, Edward re-thinks his life and has the hotel chauffeur detour to Vivian's apartment building, where he leaps from out the white limo's sun roof and "rescues her," an urban visual metaphor for the knight on a white horse of her dreams.
Kathleen Kelly is involved with Frank Navasky, a leftist newspaper writer for The New York Observer who is always in search of an opportunity to root for the underdog.
While Frank is devoted to his typewriter, Kathleen prefers her laptop and logging into her AOL email account.
Using the screen name 'Shopgirl', she reads an email from "NY152", the screen name of Joe Fox whom she first met in an "over-30s" chatroom.
As her voice narrates her reading of the email, she reveals the boundaries of the online relationship; no specifics, including no names, career or class information, or family connections.
Joe belongs to the Fox family which runs Fox Books — a chain of mega bookstores.
Kathleen runs the independent bookstore "The Shop Around The Corner" that her mother ran before her.
The two are shown passing each other on their respective ways to work, revealing that they frequent the same neighborhoods in upper west Manhattan.
Joe arrives at work, overseeing the opening of a new Fox Books in New York City with the help of his best friend, branch manager Kevin.
Kathleen and her three store assistants, George, Aunt Birdie and Christina open up her small shop that morning.
Following a day with his eleven-year-old aunt Annabel and four-year-old half-brother Matthew, Joe enters Kathleen's store to let his younger relatives experience story time.
Joe and Kathleen have a conversation that reveals Kathleen's fears about the Fox Books store opening around the corner.
He omits his last name and makes an abrupt exit with the children.
At a publishing party for New York book business people later that week, Joe and Kathleen meet again, where Kathleen discovers Joe's true identity.
She accuses him of deception and spying, while he responds by belittling her store.
The Shop Around the Corner slowly goes under.
Kathleen enters Fox Books to discover the true nature of the store is one of friendliness and relaxation, yet without the same dedication to children's books as her shop.
Her employees move on to other jobs; as Christina goes job hunting, George gets a job at the children's department at a Fox Books store and Birdie retires.
They are exchanging emails without knowing each others' true identities - and their respective significant-others' knowledge.
In some chance meetings Fox at first conceals his identity and then they clash, without realizing who each is.
When they decide to meet, Joe discovers who he has been corresponding with.
At first he decides not to meet with her, but then to meet with her without revealing his on-line identity, but they again clash.
Joe soon resumes the correspondence, apologizes, and promises to eventually tell her why he stood her up.
After both break up with their significant others, Joe realizes his feelings towards Kathleen, and begins building a face-to-face relationship, still keeping his on-line identity a secret.
He arranges a meeting between Kathleen and his on-line persona (along with his dog Brinkley), but just before she is to meet this on-line friend, he reveals his feelings for her.
Upon arriving at the agreed meeting place, she hears Fox calling to Brinkley, who has run ahead, and sees that her on-line friend is really Fox, and that she loves him, too.
Anna Karenina is the tragic story of a married aristocrat/socialite and her affair with the affluent Count Vronsky.
The story starts when she arrives in the midst of a family broken up by her brother's unbridled womanizing—something that prefigures her own later situation, though she would experience less tolerance by others.
A bachelor, Vronsky is eager to marry her if she will agree to leave her husband Karenin, a senior government official, but she is vulnerable to the pressures of Russian social norms, the moral laws of the Russian Orthodox Church, her own insecurities, and Karenin's indecision.
Although Vronsky and Anna go to Italy, where they can be together, they have trouble making friends.
Back in Russia, she is shunned, becoming further isolated and anxious, while Vronsky pursues his social life.
Despite Vronsky's reassurances, she grows increasingly possessive and paranoid about his imagined infidelity, fearing loss of control.
A parallel story within the novel is that of Konstantin Levin, a wealthy country landowner who wants to marry Princess Kitty, sister to Dolly and sister-in-law to Anna's brother Oblonsky.
Konstantin has to propose twice before Kitty accepts.
The novel details Konstantin's difficulties managing his estate, his eventual marriage, and his personal issues, until the birth of his first child.
The novel explores a diverse range of topics throughout its approximately thousand pages.
Some of these topics include an evaluation of the feudal system that existed in Russia at the time—politics, not only in the Russian government but also at the level of the individual characters and families, religion, morality, gender and social class.
The novel is divided into eight parts.
Its epigraph is Vengeance is mine, I will repay, from , which in turn quotes from.
The novel begins with one of its most often-quoted lines: The novel opens with a scene that introduces Prince Stepan Arkadyevich Oblonsky ("Stiva"), a Moscow aristocrat and civil servant who has been unfaithful to his wife Princess Darya Alexandrovna ("Dolly").
Dolly has discovered his affair with the family's governess, and the household and family are in turmoil.
Stiva informs the household that his married sister, Princess Anna Arkadyevna Karenina, is coming to visit from Saint Petersburg.
Meanwhile, Stiva's childhood friend, Konstantin Dmitrievich Levin ("Kostya"), arrives in Moscow with the aim of proposing to Dolly's youngest sister, Princess Katerina Alexandrovna Shcherbatskaya ("Kitty").
Levin is a passionate, restless, but shy aristocratic landowner who, unlike his Moscow friends, chooses to live in the country on his large estate.
He discovers that Kitty is also being pursued by Count Alexei Kirillovich Vronsky, an army officer.
Whilst at the railway station to meet Anna, Stiva bumps into Vronsky who is there to meet his mother, the Countess Vronskaya.
Anna and Vronskaya have traveled and talked together in the same carriage.
As the family members are reunited, and Vronsky sees Anna for the first time, a railway worker accidentally falls in front of a train and is killed.
Anna interprets this as an "evil omen".
Vronsky, however, is infatuated with her.
Anna is uneasy about leaving her young son, Sergei ("Seryozha"), alone for the first time.
At the Oblonsky home, Anna talks openly and emotionally to Dolly about Stiva's affair and convinces her that Stiva still loves her despite the infidelity.
Dolly is moved by Anna's speeches and decides to forgive Stiva.
Kitty, who comes to visit Dolly and Anna, is just eighteen.
In her first season as a debutante, she is expected to make an excellent match with a man of her social standing.
Vronsky has been paying her considerable attention, and she expects to dance with him at a ball that evening.
Kitty is very struck by Anna's beauty and personality and becomes infatuated with her just as Vronsky is.
When Levin proposes to Kitty at her home, she clumsily turns him down, believing she is in love with Vronsky and that he will propose to her, and encouraged to do so by her mother who believes Vronsky would be a better match (in contrast to Kitty's father, who favors Levin).
At the big ball Kitty expects to hear something definitive from Vronsky, but he dances with Anna, choosing her as a partner over a shocked and heartbroken Kitty.
Kitty realizes that Vronsky has fallen in love with Anna and has no intention of marrying her, despite his overt flirtations.
Vronsky has regarded his interactions with Kitty merely as a source of amusement and assumes that Kitty has acted for the same reasons.
Anna, shaken by her emotional and physical response to Vronsky, returns at once to st Petersburg.
Vronsky travels on the same train.
During the overnight journey, the two meet and Vronsky confesses his love.
Anna refuses him, although she is deeply affected by his attentions to her.
Levin, crushed by Kitty's refusal, returns to his estate, abandoning any hope of marriage.
Anna returns to her husband, Count Alexei Alexandrovich Karenin, a senior government official, and her son Seryozha in st Petersburg.
On seeing her husband for the first time since her encounter with Vronsky, Anna realizes that she finds him unattractive, though she tells herself he is a good man.
The Shcherbatskys consult doctors over Kitty's health, which has been failing since Vronsky's rejection.
A specialist advises that Kitty should go abroad to a health spa to recover.
Dolly speaks to Kitty and understands she is suffering because of Vronsky and Levin, whom she cares for and had hurt in vain.
Kitty, humiliated by Vronsky and tormented by her rejection of Levin, upsets her sister by referring to Stiva's infidelity, saying she could never love a man who betrayed her.
Meanwhile, Stiva visits Levin on his country estate while selling a nearby plot of land.
In st Petersburg, Anna begins to spend more time in the inner circle of Princess Elizaveta ("Betsy"), a fashionable socialite and Vronsky's cousin.
Vronsky continues to pursue Anna.
Although she initially tries to reject him, she eventually succumbs to his attentions.
Karenin reminds his wife of the impropriety of paying too much attention to Vronsky in public, which is becoming the subject of gossip.
He is concerned about the couple's public image, although he believes that Anna is above suspicion.
Vronsky, a keen horseman, takes part in a steeplechase event, during which he rides his mare Frou-Frou too hard—his irresponsibility causing her to fall and break her back.
Anna is unable to hide her distress during the accident.
Before this, Anna had told Vronsky that she is pregnant with his child.
Karenin is also present at the races and remarks to Anna that her behaviour is improper.
Anna, in a state of extreme distress and emotion, confesses her affair to her husband.
Karenin asks her to break it off to avoid further gossip, believing that their marriage will be preserved.
Kitty and her mother travel to a German spa to recover from her ill health.
There, they meet the wheelchair-bound Pietist Madame Stahl and the saintly Varenka, her adopted daughter.
Influenced by Varenka, Kitty becomes extremely pious, but becomes disillusioned by her father's criticism when she learns Madame Stahl is faking her illness.
She then returns to Moscow.
Levin continues working on his estate, a setting closely tied to his spiritual thoughts and struggles.
He wrestles with the idea of falseness, wondering how he should go about ridding himself of it, and criticising what he feels is falseness in others.
He develops ideas relating to agriculture, and the unique relationship between the agricultural labourer and his native land and culture.
He comes to believe that the agricultural reforms of Europe will not work in Russia because of the unique culture and personality of the Russian peasant.
When Levin visits Dolly, she attempts to understand what happened between him and Kitty and to explain Kitty's behaviour.
Levin is very agitated by Dolly's talk about Kitty, and he begins to feel distant from Dolly as he perceives her loving behaviour towards her children as false.
Levin resolves to forget Kitty and contemplates the possibility of marriage to a peasant woman.
However, a chance sighting of Kitty in her carriage makes Levin realise he still loves her.
Meanwhile, in st Petersburg, Karenin refuses to separate from Anna, insisting that their relationship will continue.
He threatens to take away Seryozha if she persists in her affair with Vronsky.
When Anna and Vronsky continue seeing each other, Karenin consults with a lawyer about obtaining a divorce.
During the time period, a divorce in Russia could only be requested by the innocent party in an affair and required either that the guilty party confessed—which would ruin Anna's position in society and bar her from remarrying in the Orthodox Church—or that the guilty party be discovered in the act of adultery.
Karenin forces Anna to hand over some of Vronsky's love letters, which the lawyer deems insufficient as proof of the affair.
Stiva and Dolly argue against Karenin's drive for a divorce.
Karenin changes his plans after hearing that Anna is dying after the difficult birth of her daughter, Annie.
At her bedside, Karenin forgives Vronsky.
However, Vronsky, embarrassed by Karenin's magnanimity, unsuccessfully attempts suicide by shooting himself.
As Anna recovers, she finds that she cannot bear living with Karenin despite his forgiveness and his attachment to Annie.
When she hears that Vronsky is about to leave for a military posting in Tashkent, she becomes desperate.
Anna and Vronsky reunite and elope to Europe, leaving Seryozha and Karenin's offer of divorce.
Meanwhile, Stiva acts as a matchmaker with Levin: he arranges a meeting between him and Kitty, which results in their reconciliation and betrothal.
Levin and Kitty marry and start their new life on his country estate.
Although the couple are happy, they undergo a bitter and stressful first three months of marriage.
Levin feels dissatisfied at the amount of time Kitty wants to spend with him and dwells on his inability to be as productive as he was as a bachelor.
When the marriage starts to improve, Levin learns that his brother, Nikolai, is dying of consumption.
Kitty offers to accompany Levin on his journey to see Nikolai and proves herself a great help in nursing Nikolai.
Seeing his wife take charge of the situation in an infinitely more capable manner than if he were without her, Levin's love for Kitty grows.
Kitty eventually learns that she is pregnant.
In Europe, Vronsky and Anna struggle to find friends who will accept them.
Whilst Anna is happy to be finally alone with Vronsky, he feels suffocated.
They cannot socialize with Russians of their own class and find it difficult to amuse themselves.
Vronsky, who believed that being with Anna was the key to his happiness, finds himself increasingly bored and unsatisfied.
He takes up painting and makes an attempt to patronize an émigré Russian artist of genius.
However, Vronsky cannot see that his own art lacks talent and passion, and that his conversation about art is extremely pretentious.
Increasingly restless, Anna and Vronsky decide to return to Russia.
In st Petersburg, Anna and Vronsky stay in one of the best hotels, but take separate suites.
It becomes clear that whilst Vronsky is still able to move freely in Russian society, Anna is barred from it.
Even her old friend, Princess Betsy, who has had affairs herself, evades her company.
Anna starts to become anxious that Vronsky no longer loves her.
Meanwhile, Karenin is comforted by Countess Lidia Ivanovna, an enthusiast of religious and mystic ideas fashionable with the upper classes.
She advises him to keep Seryozha away from Anna and to tell him his mother is dead.
However, Seryozha refuses to believe that this is true.
Anna visits Seryozha uninvited on his ninth birthday but is discovered by Karenin.
Anna, desperate to regain at least some of her former position in society, attends a show at the theatre at which all of st Petersburg's high society are present.
Vronsky begs her not to go, but he is unable to bring himself to explain to her why she cannot attend.
At the theatre, Anna is openly snubbed by her former friends, one of whom makes a deliberate scene and leaves the theatre.
Anna is devastated.
Unable to find a place for themselves in st Petersburg, Anna and Vronsky leave for Vronsky's own country estate.
Dolly, her mother the Princess Scherbatskaya, and Dolly's children spend the summer with Levin and Kitty.
The Levins' life is simple and unaffected, although Levin is uneasy at the "invasion" of so many Scherbatskys.
He becomes extremely jealous when one of the visitors, Veslovsky, flirts openly with the pregnant Kitty.
Levin tries to overcome his feelings, but eventually succumbs to them and makes Veslovsky leave his house in an embarrassing scene.
Veslovsky immediately goes to stay with Anna and Vronsky at their nearby estate.
When Dolly visits Anna, she is struck by the difference between the Levins' aristocratic-yet-simple home life and Vronsky's overtly luxurious and lavish country estate.
She is also unable to keep pace with Anna's fashionable dresses or Vronsky's extravagant spending on a hospital he is building.
In addition, all is not quite well with Anna and Vronsky.
Dolly notices Anna's anxious behaviour and her uncomfortable flirtations with Veslovsky.
Vronsky makes an emotional request to Dolly, asking her to convince Anna to divorce Karenin so that the two might marry and live normally.
Anna has become intensely jealous of Vronsky and cannot bear it when he leaves her even for short excursions.
When Vronsky leaves for several days of provincial elections, Anna becomes convinced that she must marry him to prevent him from leaving her.
After Anna writes to Karenin, she and Vronsky leave the countryside for Moscow.
While visiting Moscow for Kitty's confinement, Levin quickly gets used to the city's fast-paced, expensive and frivolous society life.
He accompanies Stiva to a gentleman's club, where the two meet Vronsky.
Levin and Stiva pay a visit to Anna, who is occupying her empty days by being a patroness to an orphaned English girl.
Levin is initially uneasy about the visit, but Anna easily puts him under her spell.
When he admits to Kitty that he has visited Anna, she accuses him of falling in love with her.
The couple are later reconciled, realising that Moscow society life has had a negative, corrupting effect on Levin.
Anna cannot understand why she can attract a man like Levin, who has a young and beautiful new wife, but can no longer attract Vronsky.
Her relationship with Vronsky is under increasing strain, because he can move freely in Russian society while she remains excluded.
Her increasing bitterness, boredom, and jealousy cause the couple to argue.
Anna uses morphine to help her sleep, a habit she began while living with Vronsky at his country estate.
She has become dependent on it.
Meanwhile, after a long and difficult labour, Kitty gives birth to a son, Dmitri, nicknamed "Mitya".
Levin is both horrified and profoundly moved by the sight of the tiny, helpless baby.
Stiva visits Karenin to seek his commendation for a new post.
During the visit, Stiva asks Karenin to grant Anna a divorce (which would require him to confess to a non-existent affair), but Karenin's decisions are now governed by a French "clairvoyant" recommended by Lidia Ivanovna.
The clairvoyant apparently had a vision in his sleep during Stiva's visit and gives Karenin a cryptic message that he interprets in a way such that he must decline the request for divorce.
Anna becomes increasingly jealous and irrational towards Vronsky, whom she suspects of having love affairs with other women.
She is also convinced that he will give in to his mother's plans to marry him off to a rich society woman.
They have a bitter row and Anna believes the relationship is over.
She starts to think of suicide as an escape from her torments.
In her mental and emotional confusion, she sends a telegram to Vronsky asking him to come home to her, and then pays a visit to Dolly and Kitty.
Anna's confusion and anger overcome her and, in a parallel to the railway worker's accidental death in Part 1, she commits suicide by throwing herself under the carriage of a passing train.
Sergei Ivanovich's (Levin's brother) latest book is ignored by readers and critics and he joins the new pan-Slavic movement.
Stiva gets the post he desired so much, and Karenin takes custody of Vronsky and Anna's baby, Anna.
A group of Russian volunteers, including the suicidal Vronsky, depart from Russia to fight in the Orthodox Serbian revolt that has broken out against the Turks.
Meanwhile, a lightning storm occurs at Levin's estate while his wife and newborn son are outdoors and, in his fear for their safety, Levin realizes that he does indeed love his son as much as he loves Kitty.
Kitty's family is concerned that a man as altruistic as her husband does not consider himself to be a Christian, but after speaking at length to a peasant, Levin has a true change of heart, concluding that he does believe in the Christian principles taught to him in childhood and no longer questions his faith.
He realizes that one must decide for oneself what is acceptable concerning one's own faith and beliefs.
He chooses not to tell Kitty of the change that he has undergone, and is initially displeased that his return to his faith does not bring with it a complete transformation to righteousness.
However, at the end of the story, Levin arrives at the conclusion that despite his newly accepted beliefs, he is human and will go on making mistakes.
His life can now be meaningfully and truthfully oriented toward righteousness.
At the Federal Broadcasting Network in Midtown Manhattan, Bunny Watson (Katharine Hepburn) is in charge of its reference library, which is responsible for researching facts and answering questions on all manner of topics, great and small.
Watson has been involved for seven years with rising network executive Mike Cutler (Gig Young), with no marriage in sight.
The network is negotiating a merger with another company, but is keeping it secret.
To help the employees cope with the extra work that will result, the network head has ordered two computers, or "electronic brains".
Methods Engineer and efficiency expert Richard Sumner (Spencer Tracy), the inventor of EMERAC ("Electromagnetic MEmory and Research Arithmetical Calculator"), is brought in to see how the library functions, to figure out how to ease the transition.
Though extremely bright, as he gets to know Bunny Watson, he is surprised to discover that she is every bit his match.
When they find out the computers are coming, the employees jump to the conclusion they are being replaced.
Their fears seem to be confirmed when everyone on the staff receives a pink slip printed out by the new payroll computer.
Fortunately, it turns out to be a mistake; the machine fired everybody in the company, including the president.
Richard Sumner reveals his romantic interest in Bunny Watson, but she believes that EMERAC would always be his first priority.
Sumner denies it, but then Watson puts him to the test, setting the machine to self-destruct.
Sumner resists the urge to fix it as long as possible, but finally gives in.
Watson accepts him anyway.
Emma Moriarty (Sally Field) is a 33-year-old, divorced mother who moves to a rural Arizona town to make a living by training and boarding horses.
She becomes friends with the town's druggist (pharmacist), Murphy Jones (James Garner), but a romance between them seems unlikely due to Murphy's age and because Emma allows her ex-husband, Bobby Jack Moriarty (Brian Kerwin), to move back in with her and their 12-year-old son, Jake (Corey Haim).
Emma struggles to make ends meet, but is helped by Murphy, an idiosyncratic widower who drives an otherwise immaculate antique automobile decorated with several political bumper slogan stickers Murphy terms his "causes".
While refusing to help her outright with charity or personal loan, Murphy buys a horse and pays to board it with Emma, while encouraging others to do the same.
He also introduces Emma to the town's local politicians and provides much-needed emotional support for Emma as well as Jake, who is looking for a father figure to emulate.
A rivalry soon develops between Murphy and Bobby Jack.
This contest of wills continues until a character shows up from Bobby Jack's recent past that surprises everyone, while forcing Murphy and Emma to reevaluate the nature of their relationship.
Joe Banks is a downtrodden everyman from Staten Island, working a clerical job in a dreary factory for an unpleasant, demanding boss, Frank Waturi.
Joyless, listless and chronically sick, Banks regularly visits doctors who can find nothing wrong with him.
Finally, dr Ellison diagnoses an incurable disease called a "brain cloud", which has no symptoms, but will kill Joe within five or six months.
Ironically, Ellison says that Joe's ailments are actually psychosomatic, caused by his experiences in his previous job as a firefighter.
Ellison advises him, "You have some life left.
live it well".
Joe tells his boss off, quits his job, and asks former coworker DeDe out on a date, but when he tells her that he is dying, she becomes upset and leaves.
The next day, a wealthy industrialist named Samuel Graynamore unexpectedly makes Joe a proposition.
Graynamore needs bubaru, a mineral essential for manufacturing superconductors.
There are deposits of it on the tiny Pacific island of Waponi Woo.
The resident Waponis will only let him mine it if he solves a problem for them.
They believe that the fire god of the volcano on their island must be appeased by a voluntary human sacrifice once every century, but none of the Waponis are willing to volunteer this time around.
Graynamore offers to pay for whatever Joe wants to enjoy his final days, as long as he is willing to jump into the volcano within 20 days.
With nothing to lose, Joe accepts.
Joe spends a day and a night out on the town in New York City, where he solicits advice on everything from style to living life to the fullest from his wise chauffeur Marshall.
He also purchases four top-of-the-line, handcrafted, waterproof steamer trunks from a fanatically dedicated luggage salesman.
Joe then flies to Los Angeles, where he is met by one of Graynamore's daughters, Angelica, a flighty socialite who labels herself a "flibbertigibbet".
The next morning, Angelica takes Joe to a yacht, the Tweedledee, owned by her father.
The captain is her half-sister Patricia.
She reluctantly agreed to take Joe to Waponi Woo after Graynamore promised to give her the yacht in return.
After an awkward beginning, Joe and Patricia begin to bond.
Then they run into a typhoon.
Patricia is knocked unconscious and flung overboard.
After Joe jumps in to rescue her, lightning strikes, sinking the yacht.
Fortunately, Joe is able to construct a raft by lashing together his steamer trunks.
Patricia does not regain consciousness for several days.
Joe doles out the small supply of fresh water to her, while he gradually becomes delirious from thirst.
He experiences a revelation during his delirium and thanks God for his life.
When Patricia finally awakens, she is deeply touched by Joe's self-sacrifice.
They then find that they have luckily drifted to their destination.
The Waponis treat them to a grand feast.
Their chief asks one last time if anyone else will volunteer, but there are no takers and Joe heads for the volcano.
Patricia tries to stop him, declaring her love for him.
He admits he loves her as well, "but the timing stinks".
Patricia gets the chief to marry them.
Afterwards, Patricia refuses to be separated from Joe.
When he is unable to dissuade her, they jump in together, but the volcano erupts at that moment, blowing them out into the ocean.
The island sinks, but Joe and Patricia land near their trusty steamer trunks.
At first ecstatic about their miraculous salvation, Joe tells Patricia about his fatal brain cloud.
She recognizes the name of Joe's doctor as that of her father's crony and realizes that Joe has been set up.
He is not dying and they can live happily ever after.
Theodora Lynn (Irene Dunne) is a Sunday school teacher and former church organist in Lynnfield, Connecticut, raised by two spinster aunts, Mary (Elisabeth Risdon) and Elsie Lynn (Margaret McWade).
She also happens to be, under the pen name Caroline Adams, the secret author of a bestselling book that has the straight-laced Lynnfield Literary Circle in an uproar.
The book is serialized in the local newspaper, and the Literary Circle, led by outraged busybody Rebecca Perry (Spring Byington), forces the newspaper's owner Jed Waterbury (Thomas Mitchell) to stop printing the salacious installments.
Theodora travels to New York City on the pretext of visiting her black sheep Uncle John (Robert Greig), but actually goes to see her publisher Arthur Stevenson (Thurston Hall).
Though Stevenson reassures an anxious Theodora that only he and his secretary know her identity, his wife Ethel (Nana Bryant) pressures him into an introduction, which the book's illustrator Michael Grant (Melvyn Douglas) overhears.
Intrigued, Michael invites himself to dinner with the Stevensons and Theodora.
Theodora becomes annoyed when Michael smugly assumes that she is a teetotaler, so she orders a whiskey.
As the night goes on, she becomes drunk.
So does Ethel, forcing Arthur to take his wife home and leaving Theodora alone with Michael.
When he makes a pass at her, she panics and flees, much to his amusement.
Michael tracks her to her hometown, and his whistling is immediately noticed outside her house.
Because she technically is not supposed to know anyone outside of Lynnfield, he coerces her into hiring him as a gardener, thus scandalizing her aunts and providing Rebecca Perry with ample information for gossip.
Michael declares that he is going to break Theodora out of her confining routine, ignoring her protests that she likes her life just the way it is.
Despite herself, she enjoys herself when Michael makes her go berrypicking and fishing with him.
Finally, she finds the nerve to tell the disapproving women of the Literary Circle that she loves him.
When she tells Michael what she has done, he is less than thrilled.
The next day, Theodora finds that he has gone back to New York and left her.
She tracks him to his Park Avenue apartment.
He admits he loves her, but then his father (Henry Kolker), the lieutenant governor, shows up, followed by Michael's wife Agnes (Leona Maricle).
The estranged couple only have remained married to avoid causing a political scandal for Michael's father.
Theodora determines to free Michael just as he had done for her.
He wants her to hold off until his father's term ends in two years, but she is unwilling to wait that long.
She courts publicity by revealing herself as the true Caroline Adams.
She is staying in Michael's apartment even though he has moved out to get away from her, and she tells the press of her intention to publish a new book that details finding romance in her small town and searching for someone who will call her "baby" &ndash; a story that mimics her relationship with Michael.
Meanwhile, Michael denies to the press that he has even met Theodora.
She finally crashes the governor's ball and arranges for reporters to photograph her embracing Michael.
Agnes seeks a divorce to avoid looking like a fool.
Theodora returns to Lynnfield and is warmly welcomed as a celebrity, even by her now-supportive aunts.
She causes further talk when she brings a newborn baby with her.
When Michael, now divorced, sees the child, he tries to flee, but then Theodora reveals that the baby belongs to Rebecca Perry's own secretly married daughter.
A group of bachelor professors (one was a widower) have lived together for some years in a New York City residence, compiling an encyclopedia of all human knowledge.
The youngest, Professor Bertram Potts (Gary Cooper), is a grammarian who is researching modern American slang.
The professors are accustomed to working in relative seclusion at a leisurely pace with a prim housekeeper named Miss Bragg (Kathleen Howard) keeping watch over them.
Their impatient financial backer Miss Totten (Mary Field) suddenly demands that they finish their work soon.
Venturing out to do some independent research, Bertram becomes interested in the slang vocabulary of saucy nightclub performer "Sugarpuss" O'Shea (Barbara Stanwyck).
She is reluctant to assist him in his research until she needs a place to hide from the police, who want to question her about her boyfriend, mob boss Joe Lilac (Dana Andrews).
Sugarpuss takes refuge in the house where the professors live and work, despite Bertram's objections and their housekeeper's threat to leave because of her.
In the meantime, Lilac decides to marry her, but only because as his wife she would not be able to testify against him.
The professors soon become enamored of her femininity, and she begins to grow fond of them.
She teaches them to conga and demonstrates to Bertram the meaning of the phrase "yum yum" (kisses).
She becomes attracted to Bertram, who reciprocates with a vengeance by proposing marriage to her.
She avoids giving an answer to the proposal, and agrees to Lilac's plan to have the professors drive her to New Jersey to marry Lilac.
After a series of misadventures, including a car crash, Sugarpuss realizes that she is in love with the Professor, but is forced to go ahead with her marriage to Lilac to save the professors from Lilac's henchmen.
Bertram, meanwhile, unaware of Sugarpuss' love for him, prepares to resume his research, sadder but wiser, until he discovers her true feelings.
The professors eventually outwit Lilac and his henchmen and rescue Sugarpuss.
She decides she is not good enough for Bertram, but his forceful application of "yum yum" convinces her to change her mind.
Three furry aliens—the blue Mac, the yellow Zeebo, and the red Wiploc–are traveling in a space ship.
It's been a long time since they've had female companionship, and they receive a broadcast showing human females.
They are titillated by these "hairless", shapely creatures, and when they discover that the broadcast came from Earth, they set off and land in Southern California.
Valley Girl Valerie Gail is a manicurist at the "Curl Up & Dye" hair salon.
When she feels her cold fiancé dr Ted Gallagher is slipping away, she decides to seduce him by dressing up in a white corset, suspenders, underwear, stockings and pink high heels.
Instead, she catches him cheating on her with his nurse.
She kicks him out and refuses to see him again.
The next day, she is sunbathing when the aliens' spaceship crash lands in her pool.
She befriends them and calls her friend Woody to come and drain the pool so the aliens can work on their ship and get it flying again.
Meanwhile, she brings them into her home; and, though there is a language barrier at first, the aliens prove to be quick learners and absorb American pop culture and language by watching television.
Wanting them to blend in to their surroundings, Valerie takes them to her friend Candy Pink at the salon.
After shaving off the aliens' fur, they turn out to be human looking and attractive.
They all go out; and party at Los Angeles nightclubs where their looks, athleticism, and incredibly long tongues soon make them the envy of every female in the place.
Valerie and Mac begin to fall for each other and go back to Valerie's place.
There, they find out that they are anatomically compatible and make love.
The next day the pool is drained, and Zeebo and Wiploc are working on their ship when Woody stops by and offers to take them to the beach.
They agree; and, after accidentally holding up a convenience store, Zeebo and Wiploc are soon driving down theA.
Freeway the wrong way, in reverse, with the police in pursuit.
Mac finds out his crew mates are in trouble and goes to help and gets arrested along with Woody in a case of mistaken identity.
Valerie smashes the police vehicle to get arrested, too, so she can go with Mac.
The police pursuit ends in a crash, and Zeebo and Wiploc are taken to the emergency room.
There, they are examined by Ted, who discovers they have two hearts.
While he is envisioning achieving fame and fortune from his discovery, Valerie and Mac elude the police and enter theR.
disguised as a doctor and a nurse; they manage to convince Ted he is delusional.
They then escape back to Valerie's place where work continues on the space ship.
Meanwhile, Valerie and Ted reconcile and plan to go to Las Vegas to get married right away.
Mac is heartbroken and prepares the ship for take-off.
Valerie comes out to say good-bye, followed by Ted, who discovers the ship.
While she is struggling to keep him from calling the authorities, Valerie comes to the realization that it's really Mac she loves.
She gets in the ship, and they take off.
A comedy of manners, the film centers on virtuous actress Patty O'Neill, who meets playboy architect Donald Gresham on the top of the Empire State Building and accepts his invitation to join him for drinks and dinner in his apartment.
There she meets Donald's upstairs neighbors, his ex-fiancée Cynthia and her father, roguish David Slater.
Both men are determined to bed the young woman, but they quickly discover Patty is more interested in engaging in spirited discussions about the pressing moral and sexual issues of the day than surrendering her virginity to either one of them.
After resisting their amorous advances throughout the night, Patty leaves and returns to the Empire State Building, where she finds Donald who has missed her and worried all night about her.
Donald declares his love for her and proposes marriage to her.
The film begins as Lizzie McGuire prepares for her junior-high graduation with one of her two closest friends, David "Gordo" Gordon.
Her other best friend, Miranda, has chosen to skip the graduation ceremony in favor of a trip to Mexico City to visit relatives.
During the ceremony, Lizzie trips onstage and accidentally brings the curtain down on her fellow graduates; this causes her to be teased by her ex-best friend, Kate Sanders, and her younger brother Matt.
After graduation, Lizzie and her class embark on a trip to Rome, Italy, chaperoned by their future high school principal, the stern Angela Ungermeyer.
To their dismay, Lizzie and Kate are assigned to the same hotel room.
Their class visits the Trevi Fountain, where Lizzie is approached by an Italian pop star named Paolo who mistakes her for his singing partner, Isabella.
Paolo asks Lizzie to meet him at the fountain the next day, and she feigns illness to sneak away.
He explains that he and Isabella are booked for the Italian Music Awards, but she left Italy after their breakup.
Paolo tells Lizzie that Isabella lip syncs, and begs her to pose as Isabella for the concert.
She reluctantly agrees, and begins to enjoy the designer clothes, dance rehearsals, and adoration from fans.
Lizzie continues to fake being ill to prepare for the concert, but Kate quickly figures out her secret.
To Lizzie's surprise, Kate agrees to help her and the two become friends again.
Lizzie begins to fall in love with Paolo, to Gordo's dismay.
Ethan suspects Gordo is jealous of Paolo, though he insists otherwise.
Meanwhile, ms Ungermeyer interrogates the students to learn who has been sneaking out.
Gordo takes the blame, and is sent back home as punishment.
Lizzie is shocked when Kate says that Gordo sacrificed himself to protect her.
At the airport Gordo meets Isabella, who has returned for the concert and is upset to hear that Lizzie is impersonating her.
She and Gordo realize that Paolo is planning to cut Lizzie's microphone at the concert, demonstrating to the crowd that Isabella is a fake.
Paolo's plan is to ruin Isabella's career and embarrass Lizzie.
Gordo and Isabella rush to the concert to stop him.
Back home, Matt browses the Internet and finds Italian gossip sites with pictures of Lizzie as Isabella.
When he tells his parents, the family flies to Rome to stop Lizzie and bring her home.
ms Ungermeyer realizes that Lizzie is missing again, and Ethan accidentally reveals that she is at the Italian Music Awards.
The class rushes to the concert to find Lizzie.
Gordo and Isabella find her backstage preparing for the show, and warn her about Paolo's scheme.
Lizzie refuses to believe them at first, but Isabella insists that Gordo can be trusted and Paolo is using her.
During the performance Isabella and Gordo expose Paolo by turning on his microphone, revealing his real voice.
Embarrassed, Paolo runs off and is ambushed outside by paparazzi.
His bodyguard, Sergei, tells him it is time to face reality and quits.
Sergei flirts with ms Ungermeyer, who has gotten the class and Lizzie's family into the concert by beating up the bouncers.
Isabella introduces Lizzie to the crowd, and has her sing "What Dreams Are Made Of".
As a singer, Lizzie gains a newfound confidence.
Later, they celebrate at the hotel's after party.
ms Ungermeyer rescinds Gordo's punishment, and Lizzie's parents, despite being proud of Lizzie, tell her she is grounded for the rest of the summer.
Lizzie and Gordo sneak away from the party to go up to the roof.
They promise to never let things change between them.
The two kiss and rejoin the party.
Irma la Douce ["Irma the Sweet"] tells the story of Nestor Patou (Jack Lemmon), an honest cop, who after being transferred from the park Bois de Boulogne to a more urban neighborhood in Paris, finds a street full of prostitutes working at the Hotel Casanova and proceeds to raid the place.
The police inspector, who is Nestor's superior, and the other policemen, have been aware of the prostitution, but tolerate it in exchange for bribes.
The inspector, a client of the prostitutes himself, fires Nestor, who is accidentally framed for bribery.
Kicked off the force and humiliated, Nestor finds himself drawn to the very neighborhood that ended his career with the Paris police - returning to Chez Moustache, a popular hangout tavern for prostitutes and their pimps.
Down on his luck, Nestor befriends Irma La Douce (Shirley MacLaine), a popular prostitute.
He also reluctantly accepts, as a confidant, the proprietor of Chez Moustache, a man known only as "Moustache".
In a running joke, Moustache (Lou Jacobi), a seemingly ordinary barkeeper, tells of a storied prior life &ndash; claiming to have been, among other things, an attorney, a colonel, and a doctor, ending with the repeated line, "But that's another story".
After Nestor defends Irma against her abusive pimp boyfriend, Hippolyte, Nestor moves in with her, and he soon finds himself as Irma's new pimp.
Jealous of the thought of Irma being with other men, Nestor comes up with a plan to stop Irma's prostitution.
But he soon finds out that it is not all that it is cracked up to be.
Using a disguise, he invents an alter-ego, "Lord X", a British lord, who "becomes" Irma's sole client.
Nestor's plans to keep Irma off the streets soon backfire and she becomes suspicious, since Nestor must work long and hard to earn the cash "Lord X" pays Irma.
When Irma decides to leave Paris with the fictitious Lord X, Nestor decides to end the charade.
Unaware he is being tailed by Hippolyte, he finds a secluded stretch along the river Seine and tosses his disguise into it.
Hippolyte, not having seen Nestor change his clothes, sees "Lord X"'s clothes floating in the water, and concludes Nestor murdered him.
Before Nestor is arrested, Moustache advises him not to reveal that Lord X was a fabrication.
He tells him, "The jails are full of innocent people because they told the truth".
Nestor admits to having killed Lord X, but only because of his love for Irma.
Hauled off to jail, but with Irma in love with him, Nestor is sentenced to 15 years' hard labor.
Learning that Irma is pregnant, Nestor escapes from prison, with Moustache's help, and returns to Irma.
He narrowly avoids being recaptured when the police search for him in Irma's apartment, but donning his old uniform Nestor simply blends in with the other police.
With the help of Hippolyte, Nestor arranges for the police to search for him along the Seine from which, dressed as Lord X, he emerges.
Knowing he cannot be rearrested for a murder the police now know did not occur, Nestor rushes to the church, where he plans to marry Irma.
As she walks down the aisle she begins to experience contractions and they continue during the wedding ceremony.
Nestor and Irma barely make it through the ceremony before she goes into labor and delivers their baby.
While Nestor and everyone else is occupied with Irma, Moustache notices one of the guests sitting alone at the front of the church.
Rising from his seat and walking past Moustache, the guest is none other than Lord X.
A clearly baffled Moustache looks at Lord X, and then at the audience.
"But that's another story," he says.
The film tells the story of Angie Rossini (Natalie Wood), a salesclerk at Macy's department store who finds herself pregnant after a one-night stand with musician Rocky Papasano (Steve McQueen).
When she tracks him down, he doesn't remember her.
She does not expect him to marry her; all she wants is enough money to pay for an abortion.
Meanwhile, Angie is being pressured by her older brothers, played by Herschel Bernardi and Harvey Lembeck, to marry the unappealing cook Anthony (Tom Bosley).
Rocky scrapes up money for the crude backroom abortion.
But when he and Angie meet the abortionist, who turns out not to be a doctor, Rocky refuses to let her go through with the dangerous procedure.
The maturity he shows in doing this brings them closer.
After meeting her brothers, Rocky decides to "take his medicine" by marrying her.
Angie is insulted and refuses.
Angie wants a love relationship, with "bells and banjos".
As an act of independence Angie moves out of the family home.
She begins dating Anthony, who offers to marry her.
By acting aloof she attracts Rocky, whom she invites to dinner.
At dinner he makes advances on her and is rejected.
Angie says she doesn't want to make the same mistake again.
They quarrel and she throws him out.
The next day, Rocky waits for her outside Macy's, ringing bells and playing a banjo, and wins her over.
In 1625 France, d'Artagnan (a poor young nobleman) leaves his family in Gascony and travels to Paris to join the Musketeers of the Guard.
At an inn in Meung-sur-Loire, an older man derides d'Artagnan's horse.
Insulted, d'Artagnan demands a duel.
The older man's companions beat d'Artagnan unconscious with a cooking pot and a metal tong that breaks his sword.
His letter of introduction to Monsieur de Tréville, the commander of the Musketeers, is also stolen.
D'Artagnan resolves to avenge himself upon the man (who is later revealed to be the Comte de Rochefort, an agent of Cardinal Richelieu, who is passing orders from the Cardinal to his spy Lady de Winter, usually called Milady de Winter or simply Milady).
In Paris, d'Artagnan visits de Tréville at the headquarters of the Musketeers, but without the letter, Tréville politely refuses his application.
He does, however, write a letter of introduction to an academy for young gentlemen which may prepare him for recruitment at a later time.
From Tréville's window, d'Artagnan sees Rochefort passing in the street below and rushes out of the building to confront him, but in doing so he offends three Musketeers, Athos, Porthos, and Aramis, who each demand satisfaction; D'Artagnan must fight a duel with all of them that afternoon.
As d'Artagnan prepares himself for the first duel, he realizes that Athos' seconds are Porthos and Aramis, who are astonished that the young Gascon intends to duel them all.
As d'Artagnan and Athos begin, Cardinal Richelieu's guards appear and try to arrest d'Artagnan and the three Musketeers for illegal dueling.
Although outnumbered, the four men win the battle.
D'Artagnan seriously wounds Jussac, one of the Cardinal's officers and a renowned fighter.
After learning of this, King Louis XIII appoints d'Artagnan to Des Essart's company of the King's Guards and gives him forty pistoles.
D'Artagnan hires a servant (Planchet), finds lodgings, and reports to Monsieur des Essart.
Des Essart's company is a less prestigious regiment in which he must serve for two years before being considered for the Musketeers.
Shortly after, his landlord speaks to him about his wife Constance Bonacieux's kidnapping.
When she is presently released, d'Artagnan falls in love at first sight with her.
She works for Queen Anne of France, who is secretly conducting an affair with the Duke of Buckingham.
The King, Louis XIII, gave the Queen a gift of diamond studs but she gives them to her lover as a keepsake.
Cardinal Richelieu, who wants war between France and England, plans to expose the tryst and persuades the King to demand the Queen wear the diamonds to a soirée that the Cardinal is sponsoring.
Constance tries to send her husband to London but the man is manipulated by Richelieu and does not go, so d'Artagnan and his friends intercede.
En route, the Cardinal's henchmen repeatedly attack them and only d'Artagnan and Planchet reach London.
Before arriving, d'Artagnan is compelled to assault and nearly kill the Comte de Wardes, a friend of the Cardinal, cousin of Rochefort and Milady's lover.
Although Milady stole two of the diamond studs, the Duke of Buckingham provides replacements while delaying the thief's return to Paris.
D'Artagnan is thus able to return a complete set of jewels to Queen Anne just in time to save her honour.
In gratitude, she gives him a beautiful ring.
Shortly afterwards, d'Artagnan begins an affair with Madame Bonacieux.
Arriving for an assignation, he sees signs of a struggle and discovers that Rochefort and Bonacieux, acting under the orders of the Cardinal, have assaulted and imprisoned her.
D'Artagnan and his friends, now recovered from their injuries, return to Paris.
D'Artagnan meets Milady de Winter officially, and recognizes her as one of the Cardinal's agents, but becomes infatuated with her until her maid reveals that Milady is indifferent toward him.
Entering her quarters in the dark, he pretends to be the Comte de Wardes and trysts with her.
He finds a fleur-de-lis branded on Milady's shoulder, marking her as a felon.
Discovering his identity, Milady attempts to kill him but d'Artagnan eludes her.
He is ordered to the Siege of La Rochelle.
He is informed that the Queen has rescued Constance from prison.
In an inn, the musketeers overhear the Cardinal asking Milady to murder the Duke of Buckingham, a supporter of the Protestant rebels at La Rochelle who has sent troops to assist them.
Richelieu gives her a letter that excuses her actions as under orders from the Cardinal himself, but Athos takes it.
The next morning, Athos bets that he, d'Artagnan, Porthos, and Aramis, and their servants can hold the recaptured st Gervais bastion against the rebels for an hour, for the purpose of discussing their next course of action.
They resist for an hour and a half before retreating, killing 22 Rochellese in total.
They warn Lord de Winter and the Duke of Buckingham.
Milady is imprisoned on arrival in England but seduces her guard, Felton (a fictionalization of the real John Felton), and persuades him to allow her escape and to kill Buckingham himself.
On her return to France, Milady hides in a convent where Constance is also staying.
The naive Constance clings to Milady, who sees a chance for revenge on d'Artagnan, and fatally poisons Constance before d'Artagnan can rescue her.
The Musketeers arrest Milady before she reaches Cardinal Richelieu.
They bring an official executioner, put her on trial and sentence her to death.
After her execution, the four friends return to the siege of La Rochelle.
The Comte de Rochefort arrests d'Artagnan and takes him to the Cardinal.
When questioned about Milady's execution, d'Artagnan presents her letter of pardon as his own.
Impressed with d'Artagnan's willfulness and secretly glad to be rid of Milady, the Cardinal destroys the letter and writes a new order, giving the bearer a promotion to lieutenant in the Tréville company of musketeers, leaving the name blank.
D'Artagnan offers the letter to Athos, Porthos, and Aramis in turn but each refuses it, Athos because it is below him, Porthos because he is retiring to marry his wealthy mistress and Aramis because he is joining the priesthood.
D'Artagnan, though heartbroken and full of regrets, gets the promotion he coveted.
Having just served five years in prison for a crime he did not commit, Billy Brown (Vincent Gallo) kidnaps a young tap dancer named Layla (Christina Ricci) and forces her to pretend to be his wife.
Layla allows herself to be kidnapped and it is clear she is romantically attracted to Billy from the start, but Billy all the while is compelled to deal with his own demons, his loneliness and his depression.
The subplot of Billy seeking revenge on the man indirectly responsible for his imprisonment, Scott Wood, is a reference to a former Buffalo Bills kicker, Scott Norwood, who missed the game-winning field goal in Super Bowl XXV against the New York Giants in 1991.
Chicago architect Sam Baldwin loses his wife Maggie to cancer.
He and his eight-year-old son Jonah start a new life in Seattle, Washington, but Sam continues to grieve.
A year and a half later, on Christmas Eve 1992, Jonah&mdash;who wants his father to find a new wife&mdash;calls in to a radio talk show.
Jonah persuades a reluctant Sam to go on the air to talk about how much he misses Maggie.
Hundreds of women from around the country who hear the program and are touched by the story write to Sam.
One of the listeners is Annie Reed, a Baltimore Sun reporter who is engaged to amiable Walter but feels there is something missing from their cordial relationship.
After watching the film An Affair to Remember, Annie impulsively writes a letter suggesting that Sam meet her on top of the Empire State Building on Valentine's Day.
She does not intend to mail it, but her friend and editor Becky does it for her and agrees to send Annie to Seattle.
Sam begins dating a co-worker Victoria, whom Jonah dislikes.
Jonah, a baseball fan, reads Annie's letter and likes that it mentions the Baltimore Orioles, but he fails to convince his father to go to New York to meet Annie.
On the advice of his playmate Jessica, Jonah replies to Annie, agreeing to the New York meeting.
While dropping Victoria off at the airport for a flight, Sam sees Annie exiting from her plane and is mesmerized by her, although he has no idea who she is.
Annie later secretly watches Sam and Jonah playing on the beach together but mistakes Sam's sister for his girlfriend.
He recognizes her from the airport and says "Hello," but Annie only responds with another "Hello" before fleeing.
She decides she is being foolish and goes to New York to meet Walter for Valentine's Day.
With Jessica's help, Jonah flies to New York without his father's permission and goes to the Empire State Building searching for Annie.
Distraught, Sam follows Jonah and finds him on the observation deck.
Meanwhile, Annie sees the skyscraper from the Rainbow Room where she is dining with Walter and confesses her doubts to him, amicably ending their engagement.
She rushes to the Empire State Building just moments after the doors to the down elevator close with Sam and Jonah inside.
In spite of the observation deck being deserted, Annie discovers a backpack that Jonah left behind.
As she pulls out Jonah's teddy bear from the backpack, Sam and Jonah emerge from the elevator, and the three meet for the first time.
On the advice of the elevator operator, Sam indicates they should go and offers his hand to Annie.
The three then enter the elevator together before the door closes.
Roy "Tin Cup" McAvoy (Kevin Costner) is a former golf prodigy who has little ambition.
He owns a driving range in West Texas, where he drinks and hangs out with his pal Romeo Posar (Cheech Marin) and their friends.
dr Molly Griswold (Rene Russo), a clinical psychologist, wants a golf lesson.
She asks Roy because he knows her boyfriend David Simms (Don Johnson), a top professional golfer.
They were both on the golf team at the University of Houston.
Roy is immediately attracted to her, but she sees through his charm and resists.
Simms shows up at Roy's trailer ahead of a local benefit tournament.
Roy thinks he is being invited to play, but Simms actually wants to hire him as a caddy (since Roy knows the course).
During the round, Roy needles Simms about "laying up" instead of having the nerve to take a 230-yard shot over a water hazard.
Simms fires back that Roy's problem is playing recklessly instead of playing the percentages.
Roy brags that he could make it, and spectators make bets among themselves.
Simms warns Roy that he'll fire him if he tries, but Roy does anyway, hitting a brilliant shot onto the green.
Simms immediately fires Roy.
To get even, Roy decides to try to qualify for theS.
Open.
He makes a play for Molly, also seeking her professional help.
Molly agrees to help Roy rebuild his self-confidence in exchange for the golf lessons.
In two qualifying rounds, with Romeo as his caddy, Roy's game is excellent but his head needs help.
Roy insists on breaking the course record, but Romeo inplores him to play safely to qualify for theS.
Open.
When Roy demands his driver, Romeo snaps it in half.
Roy asks for the 3-Wood and Romeo snaps it in half as well.
Then Roy begins snapping every club in his bag in a fit except the 7-Iron "Then there’s the 7-Iron.
I never miss with the 7-Iron" This causes Romeo to walk off the course and quit.
Roy challenges anyone to a bet that he can finish the Back-9 with only a 7-Iron and everyone reluctantly refuses, but he amazingly still manages to qualify.
He loses his car on a bet with Simms.
He persuades Romeo to caddy again, but develops a problem with his swing.
On the first day of the tournament in North Carolina he shoots a horrible 83.
Meanwhile, Molly sees Simms' unpleasant side when he arrogantly refuses a child an autograph.
Seeing that trying to change Roy is a mistake, Molly encourages him to be himself.
At her suggestion, Roy wins another wager with Simms, the leader after the first round.
With renewed confidence, "Tin Cup", a nobody from nowhere, shocks the golf world by breaking theS.
Open record for a single round by shooting a 62, thus making the cut.
His third round is also excellent and moves him into contention, but on all three rounds, he refuses to lay up on the par-5 18th hole, hitting the ball into the water hazard each time.
On the last day of the tournament, Roy, Simms, and real-life PGA Tour pro Peter Jacobsen (playing himself) are in a three-way battle to win the Open.
Jacobsen finishes with a par on 18, tied for the lead with Roy and one shot ahead of Simms.
Simms yet again lays up at the 18th hole, playing it safe, although this takes him out of championship contention.
Romeo urges that he do likewise to birdie and win theS.
Open, but is urged by Molly to "go for it".
Roy, for the 4th day in a row, takes his shot and it reaches the green, but then "a little gust from the gods"&mdash;a sudden contrary wind&mdash;starts his ball rolling back, downhill into the water hazard.
Reminiscent of his blow-up back in college when he failed to qualify for the Tour, Roy tries repeatedly to hit the same shot, not realizing that he has lost the tournament, but with the same heart-breaking result, splashing in the water hazard.
Down to his last ball and risking not only humiliation but also disqualification, he still goes for the green, and on his 12th shot, his final shot finally clears the water hazard and amazingly rolls into the hole.
After a wild celebration, Roy realizes that he has blown winning theS.
Open, but Molly re-assures him about the immortality of what just happened, "Five years from now nobody will remember who won or lost, but they're gonna remember your 12.
"  Back in Texas, Molly tells Roy that because he finished in the top 15, he automatically qualifies for next year's Open.
Molly further suggests that Roy go back to the qualifying school and get on the Tour.
Molly, who gained several clients at the tournament, prepares for a career of helping players with the mental portion of the game.
They kiss passionately as the movie ends.
It is New Year's weekend and the friends of Peter (Fry) gather at his newly inherited country house.
Ten years ago, they all acted together in a Cambridge University student comedy troupe.
Since then they have gone in different directions and career paths.
Peter's friends are Andrew (Branagh), now a writer in Hollywood; married jingle writers Roger (Laurie) and Mary (Staunton); glamorous costume designer Sarah (Emmanuel); and eccentric Maggie (Thompson), who works in publishing.
Joining them are Carol (Rudner), the American TV star wife of Andrew; and the impolite Brian (Slattery), Sarah's very recently acquired lover.
Also accompanying them are Vera, Peter's long-serving housekeeper (Law), and her son Paul (Lowe).
Peter's father has recently died, and Peter plans to sell the house after this last party.
Andrew and Carol's marriage is strained by the demands of her fame.
Roger and Mary are recovering from a devastating personal tragedy only slowly revealed to the audience: the death of one of their children.
A lonely Maggie is determined to persuade Peter they should be more than just friends, and Sarah's not as happy with her life as she appears.
The weekend does not go as planned.
After a failed attempt to seduce Peter, Maggie receives a makeover from Carol and seduces Paul.
Carol leaves Andrew and returns to America, and after a year of sobriety Andrew returns to the bottle.
Roger and Mary reach an emotional breakthrough, share their grief and address her obsessive overprotection of their remaining child.
Brian returns to his wife after realizing that Sarah is not interested in that which she already has, but only in that which belongs to someone else.
In the climax of the film, Peter reveals the real reason for his bringing them all together: he is HIV-positive.
The friends emerge from their own problems and pledge their assistance to Peter, and the weekend ends on a more upbeat note.
College studentS.
Quint (Jeremy London) is preparing for a trip to Universal Studios in Florida with Brandi Svenning (Claire Forlani), during which he plans to propose to her; however, Brandi tells him she cannot go because she has volunteered to fill in as a contestant on Truth or Date, her father's dating game show.
They argue over this and eventually break upS.
turns to his best friend Brodie Bruce (Jason Lee), who has also broken up with his girlfriend, Rene Mosier (Shannen Doherty), after having an argument, and Brodie suggests the two might find comfort at the local mall.
Brodie andS.
discover Truth or Date is being filmed at the same mall, through their friend Willam (Ethan Suplee, who throughout the movie tries to see a sailboat in a Magic Eye poster), and ask local slackers Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith, respectively) to destroy the show's stage, a task for which they devise elaborate but ultimately unsuccessful plans.
These actions result in the two being pursued by mall security guard LaFours (Sven-Ole Thorsen), but they are able to escape him.
Brodie finds out Rene began a relationship with his enemy Shannon Hamilton (Ben Affleck), a clothing store manager who hates Brodie because of his "lack of a shopping agenda".
Brodie confronts Rene to find out more about her relationship with Shannon, and the two have sex in an elevator.
Brodie is later abducted and attacked by Shannon, who intends to have sex with Rene in a "very uncomfortable place", a reference to anal sex.
As a result of this incident, Jay and Silent Bob assault the mall's Easter Bunny, under the incorrect assumption that he attacked Brodie.
Brandi's father, Jared (Michael Rooker), who is aware of Brodie andS's presence at the mall, has the two arrested on false charges of drug possession.
Jay and Silent Bob are able to rescue Brodie andS.
and are once again able to evade LaFours.
Meanwhile, Brodie andS.
hide out at a local flea market, where they meet fortune teller Ivannah (Priscilla Barnes)S.
decides to win Brandi back and the two return to the mall.
Before the show begins, Brodie receives advice on romance from Stan Lee, who was visiting the mall.
After this, Brodie requests that his friend Tricia Jones retrieve footage of her having sex with Shannon.
Meanwhile,S.
also persuades Jay to get two of the game show contestants stoned, which allow him and Brodie to replace them on Truth or Date, joining Gil Hicks, the third contestant.
During the show, Brandi recognizes the voices of Brodie andS, and an on-air argument between the three ensues.
Brodie tells Brandi thatS.
had spent all day trying to win her backS.
then proposes to Brandi, which she accepts.
As the police arrive to arrestS.
and Brodie after the show is over, Silent Bob plays a sex tape of Shannon and Tricia, resulting in his arrest for statutory rape.
Brodie and Rene renew their relationship as a result.
The conclusion reveals thatS.
marries Brandi, Tricia's book is a bestseller, Shannon is imprisoned (and subsequently anally raped), Willam eventually does see the sailboat, and Brodie becomes the host of The Tonight Show (with Rene as his bandleader) after impressing the show's producers with his stage banter.
Jay and Silent Bob are also shown with a monkey named Suzanne, which promises to be "another story" (told in Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back).
Bruce Nolan (Jim Carrey) is a television field reporter for Eyewitness News at WKBW-TV in Buffalo, New York, but desires to be the news anchorman.
He is in a healthy relationship with his girlfriend Grace Connelly (Jennifer Aniston), but also has a mild crush on his co-worker, Susan Ortega (Catherine Bell), who barely seems to notice him.
Bruce, however, suffers from constant bad luck, and reaches breaking point when he is passed over for promotion by his rival, Evan Baxter (Steve Carell), who then steals dialogue from Bruce's segment while accepting the promotion on air.
Furious, Bruce aggressively and profanely criticizes the station during his first live report, and is promptly fired.
Following a series of other misfortunes, Bruce takes out his frustration on God (Morgan Freeman), blaming Him and claiming that He is "the one who should be fired".
Bruce later receives a message on his pager directing him to an empty warehouse, where he meets God.
God offers to give Bruce His powers, to prove that He is doing His job correctly.
God gives Bruce two rules that he must follow: firstly, Bruce cannot tell anyone else that he has God's powers; and secondly, Bruce cannot use the powers to interfere with free will.
Bruce ignores God and is initially jubilant with the powers, using them for personal gain such as potty training his dog, getting revenge on a street gang that assaulted him earlier, exposing a woman's underwear by blowing up her dress, transforming his beat up car into a Saleen S7, and sexually impressing Grace.
Bruce also finds ways of using the powers to cause miraculous events to occur at otherwise mundane events that he covers, such as discovering Jimmy Hoffa's body or causing a meteor to harmlessly land near a cook-off, earning him his job back.
Bruce then uses his powers to cause Evan to humiliate himself on air, causing Evan to be fired in favor of Bruce as the new anchor.
After taking Grace to a fancy dinner and telling her he made anchor (angering her, as she thought he was going to propose), Bruce begins to hear voices in his head.
He re-encounters God, who confronts Bruce about his selfish use of his powers.
He explains that the voices are prayers to God, and that Bruce must deal with them.
Bruce creates a computerized system to receive the prayers and respond, but finds that the influx is far too great for him to handle — even though God had stated that he is only receiving prayers from the Buffalo area — and sets the program to automatically answer Yes to every prayer.
During a party to celebrate Bruce's promotion, Susan seduces and kisses him.
When Grace arrives and sees this, she storms out; Bruce follows her, but she is heartbroken and will not listen to him.
He tries to use his powers to convince Grace to stay, but cannot influence her free will.
As Bruce looks around, he realizes that automatically granting everyone's prayers has plunged the city into chaos.
Bruce returns to God, who explains that despite how chaotic things seem, there is always a way to make things right, and that Bruce must figure out a way to solve it himself.
Bruce then begins to solve his problems in life practically, such as helping a man whose car has broken down, training his dog normally, and allowing Evan to have his job back.
Bruce returns to his computer system, having briefly unplugged it, and goes about answering prayers manually as best he can.
As he reads through them, he finds a prayer from Grace, wishing for Bruce's success and well being.
As he reads it, another prayer from Grace arrives, this one wishing not to be in love with Bruce anymore.
A despondent Bruce walks alone on a highway, asking God to take back His powers and letting his fate be in His hands.
Bruce is suddenly struck by a truck and regains consciousness in a white void.
God appears and asks Bruce what he really wants; Bruce admits that he only wants to make sure Grace finds a man that would make her happy.
God agrees and Bruce finds himself in the hospital, shortly after being revived — near miraculously — by the doctors.
Grace arrives and the two rekindle their relationship, later becoming engaged.
After his recovery, Bruce returns to his field reporting but takes more pleasure in the simple stories.
Bruce and Grace announce their engagement on live television.
The film ends with the doomsayer Bruce previously ran into on various occasions finally revealing himself to be God.
John Robie (Cary Grant) is a retired infamous jewel thief or "cat burglar", nicknamed "The Cat", who now lives in a hilltop villa in the French Riviera growing grapes and flowers.
The modus operandi of a recent series of robberies leads the police to believe that Robie is active again; they attempt to arrest him, but he gives them the slip.
Robie visits a restaurant.
The staff are his old gang from his French Resistance days, paroled based on patriotic war work as long as they keep clean.
Bertani, Foussard, and the others blame Robie, because they are currently all under suspicion while the new Cat is active.
Still, when the police arrive at Bertani's restaurant, Foussard's teenage daughter Danielle (Brigitte Auber), who has a crush on Robie, spirits him to safety.
Robie can prove his innocence if he can catch the new Cat in the act.
He enlists the aid of an insurance man, Hughson (John Williams), who reluctantly obtains a list of the most expensive jewelry owners currently on the Riviera.
Widow Jessie Stevens (Jessie Royce Landis) and her daughter Frances (Grace Kelly) top the list.
Robie strikes up a friendship with them.
Jessie's delighted but Frances offers a pretense of modesty.
When Robie and Frances run into Danielle at the beach, Robie keeps up the mask of being a wealthy American tourist, despite Danielle's jealous barbs about his interest in Frances.
Frances sees through Robie's cover as an American industrialist.
She seduces him, dangling before him her jewels, teases him with steamy tales of rooftop escapades, and offers herself as an accomplice who might share his crimes.
Fireworks fill the night sky.
The next morning, Jessie discovers her jewels are gone.
Robie is accused by Frances of being merely a distraction so he could steal her mother's jewelry.
The police are called, but Robie has disappeared.
To catch the new Cat, Robie stakes out an estate at night.
He struggles with an attacker, who loses his footing and tumbles over a cliff.
It is Foussard, who dies in the fall.
The police chief publicly announces that Foussard was the jewel thief, but, as Robie points out privately in the presence of the abashed Hughson, this would have been impossible because Foussard had a wooden leg, and could not climb on rooftops.
Foussard's funeral is marred by Danielle's loud accusation that Robie is responsible for her father's death.
Outside the graveyard, Frances apologizes to Robie and confesses her love.
Robie needs to continue his search for the Cat.
He asks Frances to arrange his attendance at the masquerade ball the coming weekend, when he believes the Cat will strike again.
At the ball, Frances is resplendent in a gold gown, Robie unrecognizable behind the mask of a Moor.
The police hover nearby.
Upstairs, the cat burglar silently cleans out several jewel boxes.
When Jessie asks the Moor to go get her "heart pills", Robie's voice tips off his identity to the authorities.
Upon his return, the police wait out Frances and the Moor as they dance together all night.
Finally, Frances and the Moor go to her room, and the mask is removed: it was Hughson, a switch to conceal Robie's exit.
On the rooftop Robie lurks.
His patience is finally rewarded when he is joined by another figure in black.
But just as his pursuit begins, the police throw a spotlight on him and demand he halt.
He flees as they shoot at him, but he manages to corner his foe with jewels in hand.
Unmasked, his nemesis turns out to be Foussard's daughter, Danielle.
She slips off the roof, but Robie grabs her hand before she can fall.
He forces her to confess loudly to the police of the father-daughter involvement, and that Bertani was the ringleader of this gang.
Robie speeds back to his villa, and Frances races after to convince him that she has a place in his life and home.
He agrees, but looks less than thrilled when she says, "Mother will love it up here".
After breaking up for the summer, the four friends regroup for a party held by Stifler (Seann William Scott), their overtly sex-crazed class clown and good friend.
His party is shut down thanks in part to the neighbors calling the police.
Kevin (Thomas Ian Nicholas) is inspired by his brother to make his summer with his friends count by renting a beach home.
He, Jim, Oz and Finch plan to take off to a beach house together, where they intend to spend the summer.
Kevin realizes a problem and worked out that they can only afford the house if they have a fifth member to work along with them.
Stifler takes charge of much of the organizing, often ending up leading the group in their misadventures.
Oz (Chris Klein) is miserable, being away from his girlfriend Heather (Mena Suvari) who is in Spain.
During the stay at the beach house, they proceed to start having phone sex to vent some of their loneliness, which ends up being interrupted by Stifler.
Heather later shows up early to the party, ending the short storyline that Oz is involved in.
After arriving in Grand Harbor they settle in, they manage to find work painting a house (based on the Tuition Painters franchise) in the area together, mistaking the owners for lesbians.
Jim (Jason Biggs), Stifler and Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas) end up performing "like for like" sexual acts on each other in return for being able to watch the girls doing the same thing.
Oz and Kevin take turns watching up a ladder and listening on the walkie-talkie also in the room.
The conversation is accidentally picked up and heard by many other people in the neighborhood.
Finally at the end of the last party, Stifler manages to have a wild threesome with the owners of the house.
After this, many concurrent stories run at the same time, some interacting with each other, others staying mainly separate.
Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth) is coming to visit Jim in August.
When she arrives early, Jim asks for help from band geek Michelle (Alyson Hannigan), humiliating himself in front of the audience when he pretends to be Petey, a mentally challenged boy who plays the trombone.
They pretend to be in a relationship so that Nadia will not expect Jim to have sex (Jim is involved in an incident involving a tube of super glue he mistook for lube; he accidentally glued his hand to his penis while watching a porno film and injured himself, leaving him wounded and unable to perform).
Jim and Michelle break the mock relationship off once he is ready to have sex with Nadia, but by then Michelle has really fallen in love with Jim, and soon Jim realizes that he has found his soul-mate in Michelle.
Nadia also realizes this and tells him, "Go, get your band geek, and I will find mine".
Jim goes and plays the trombone once more whilst Michelle is playing the flute at a major recital in order to show her that she is the one he wants to be with.
Finch has become involved in the sexual art of Tantra, and claims that through Tantra he can "make an orgasm last for days".
He is waiting for Stifler's Mom (Jennifer Coolidge), who he had sex with in the first film, hoping she will show up and be willing to do it again.
He thinks she arrives when a vehicle turns up after Stifler is talking on the phone, but it turns out to be his little brother Matt (Eli Marienthal), the star of later films.
He spends the night talking with a few girls, but he doesn't sleep with any of them.
The next morning, after the party, a Mercedes coupe with darkened windows turns up, Finch approaches and it turns out Stifler's Mom has come after all.
He jumps at the chance and they drive off together, Stifler not realizing until after the car has driven off that it was Finch and his mother.
After being asked, she reveals her name is Janine, but also instructs Finch to resume calling her "Stifler’s mom" as per usual.
The geeky Sherman (Chris Owen) gives up on getting anyone after he is turned down by the experienced and sharp-tongued Jessica (Natasha Lyonne), but the rejected Nadia, who wanted Jim because he was a geek, is turned on by his "Sherminator" gimmick, and they end up in bed together.
Kevin doesn't end up "getting off" with anyone, but he does seem to succeed in getting over Vicky (Tara Reid) after making advances on her throughout the film.
While on a date in a fancy restaurant with Michelle, Jim is ready to propose to her.
His father calls to inform him that he has the ring.
Michelle misinterprets when Jim stalls the question.
Jim's dad arrives as Jim is receiving fellatio, and a mishap grasps the restaurant's attention.
Jim proposes and Michelle accepts.
Jim wants to exclude Stifler from the wedding, having concerns that Stifler's behavior isn't socially acceptable.
When Jim is worried about learning the dance, Stifler agrees to teach Jim to dance, and over time to tone down his obnoxious personality, in exchange that he be allowed to attend the wedding and host a bachelor party.
The boys go on a road trip when they discover there is only one designer who makes the dress that Michelle wants.
They go to Chicago looking for "Leslie Sommers"; Stifler unwittingly walks into a gay bar, and his raucous behavior gets him into a dispute with several patrons.
Stifler challenges Bear to a dance-off, wins, and Bear offers to provide strippers for the bachelor party.
Leslie reveals "him"self and agrees to make the dress for Michelle.
Michelle's parents, who were initially skeptical of Jim, agree to have a preliminary dinner with him.
Michelle's younger sister, Cadence, flies in for the wedding.
Both Finch and Stifler are attracted to her, and in an effort to win her over, they each adopt the other's personality and mannerisms.
Stifler arranges the bachelor party, including strippers, for everyone at Jim's house except Jim, who unknowingly has arranged dinner with Michelle's parents there.
The party is abruptly halted by the unexpected return of the three.
With assistance from Bear, who poses as a butler named "Mr.
Belvedere", Jim nearly succeeds in keeping the activities a secret, until Michelle's mother opens a closet door and is shocked to find Kevin inside, stripped to his boxers and tied to a chair.
The boys explain that it was an attempt to make Jim seem like a hero that went wrong, and Michelle's parents accept this and tell him that if he puts that much effort into the upcoming marriage, she can give her blessing.
Michelle has doubts regarding that Jim's paternal grandmother dislikes Michelle for not being Jewish, and about Stifler's invite to the wedding.
On the night before the wedding, Stifler inadvertently disrupts the walk-in refrigerator's power supply while retrieving a bottle of champagne in an attempt to lay down Cadence.
Previously, Stifler, unaware of Cadence's presence, had revealed his true rude and obnoxious personality.
When Stifler later returns, the flowers are dead.
Enraged, Jim asks him to leave, and all the others, including Cadence, support Jim's decision.
Feeling guilty for his thoughtless behavior, Stifler convinces the florist to put together a new batch of flowers, and he enlists the help of his football players and Bear.
As a gesture of remorse, he also gives a rose to Cadence, much to the amazement of Jim and Michelle.
Moved by his actions, Cadence agrees to have sex with him in a supply closet before the ceremony, but Stifler's presence is delayed by a brief thank-you meeting Jim calls among his groomsmen, citing how he is grateful to have friends like them to back him up.
Quickly returning to the hotel, Stifler hears someone in the supply closet and steps inside, unaware that Cadence was interrupted by wedding preparations and that the ushers placed Jim's grandmother in that closet to sustain her hostility about the wedding; Stifler only realizes this upon walk-in by Finch and the ushers.
She becomes pleasant, particularly towards Stifler, making Michelle and Jim's dad unknowingly happy.
Despite the chaotic events leading up to it, Michelle and Jim get married.
At the reception, the couple dances while Stifler dances with Cadence.
Finch is sitting by himself when Stifler's mom arrives.
Although agreeing they are over each other, Stifler's mom mentions having a double suite and invites Finch to join her.
The film ends with John and Justin spying on Stifler's mom and Finch in her suite's couple-size bathtub, having oral sex.
Peggy Sue Bodell sets off for her 25-year high school reunion in 1985 with her daughter, Beth, as company.
Peggy has just separated from her high school sweetheart, now husband, Charlie, and is wary of attending the reunion because of everyone questioning her about his absence as they have been married since Peggy became pregnant right after graduation.
She arrives at the reunion and is happy to reconnect with her old best friends, Maddy and Carol.
Charlie unexpectedly arrives at the reunion, causing an awkward scene with Peggy ignoring him.
The awkwardness is ended when the event MC announces the reunion’s "king and queen".
The king is Richard Norvik, a former class geek turned billionaire inventor.
Peggy is named the queen and walks on stage, but after they wheel out the reunion cake, she faints.
When Peggy wakes, she finds herself back in the spring of 1960 during her senior year of high school, having passed out after donating blood in the school gym (where the reunion was).
She finds all of her friends that she just left to also be their teenage selves, not just her.
Still in shock, she allows herself to be taken home while she sees her surroundings are the way they were 25 years before.
After a rough first night, she decides to have fun with the experience and behave as if everything is normal.
However, when given the chance to break up with Charlie, she thinks it might be best since she knows how it will end.
Peggy makes friends with Richard Norvik, the class geek (and future billionaire), to figure out what is going on with her.
Charlie gets jealous when she ignores him at lunch and makes arrangements to meet Richard after school to discuss time travel with him.
When she tells him her secret, at first he thinks it's a joke.
However, she tells things about him and the world that she would not know if she were not from the future.
Although Peggy has decided to break up with Charlie (and her eyes have been on Michael Fitzsimmons given this new chance), she's the only one who wants that.
One night after a party, Peggy decides to sleep with Charlie.
He then flips out and reminds her that she had rebuffed him the weekend before and therefore believes she's playing games, then drives her home.
Instead of going inside, she takes a walk and ends up at an all-night cafe.
As she walks by, she sees Michael Fitzsimmons — the artsy loner in school she always wished she’d slept with - and goes in to talk to him.
After finding out they have more in common than originally thought, they ride off on his motorcycle.
In a field, they smoke weed and find out more about one another.
When he asks if she is going to marry Charlie, she responds that she already did that and will not do it again.
After he recites some of his poetry for her, they have sex.
Michael reveals that he wants her to go with him and another woman to Utah (where polygamy is legal) so they can marry and support him while he writes.
After his revelation, she tells him he should go and to write about their night together.
In the middle of their conversation, she hears a voice she recognizes singing.
When she looks at the stage, she sees that it's Charlie and realizes that she did not know everything about him.
Michael is upset, thinks that she declined his offer for Charlie and is ready to go.
After they leave, it's shown that Charlie was singing as a audition for an agent and is rejected.
The next day when Peggy goes to talk to Charlie, he lashes out at her and she gives him a song she "wrote" for him (which ends up being "She Loves You", by The Beatles).
She then goes to Richard to say goodbye so she can stop messing up her life and everyone else's since the reason Charlie stopped singing was her becoming pregnant right before they graduated.
Richard proposes, but she refuses because she does not want to marry anyone and he has to be valedictorian.
Confused, she visits her grandparents for her birthday.
After her grandparents tell her that her grandmother can see the future, she confides her story in them.
Her grandfather and his lodge friends then try a strange séance ritual to send her back to 1985.
Peggy is then kidnapped by Charlie, leaving everyone at the Lodge thinking that the ritual worked.
He tells her that he told his dad that he gave up singing and was given 10% of the business so he can support her.
He then proposes and gives her the locket she wore at the beginning of the film.
When she looks inside, she sees baby pictures of her and Charlie, which resemble their children.
Peggy sees how much he loves her and how much she loves him, and they kiss.
They begin to make love, which would again lead to Peggy getting pregnant and marrying him.
In the next moment, Peggy is transported back to 1985.
Peggy awakes in a hospital, with Charlie at her side.
He is deeply regretful of his adultery and tells Peggy he wants her back.
When she questions him about Janet, he swears it's over.
It seems there's hope for them reconciling when Peggy looks at Charlie with new eyes and (citing a reference from her grandfather who claimed that her grandmother's strudel kept the family together) says, "I'd like to invite you over to your house for dinner on Sunday with your kids.
I'll make a strudel".
Jesminder "Jess" Bhamra (Parminder Nagra) is the 18-year-old daughter of Punjabi Sikhs living in Hounslow, London.
Juliette "Jules" Paxton (Keira Knightley) is the same age and the daughter of a native English family.
Jess is infatuated with football, but because she's a woman, her family won't let her play.
However, she sometimes plays in the park with boys including her best friend, Tony (Ameet Chana), a closet homosexual.
Whilst on a jog through the park, Jules discovers Jess's skills, befriends her, and invites her to try out for the local women's football team, the Hounslow Harriers coached by Joe (Jonathan Rhys Meyers).
Jess is extremely happy and excited about the tryouts, even though Joe is skeptical about a new player joining the team.
After seeing Jess's skills, Joe accepts her on the team and Jess lies to Joe about her parents being cool with the idea.
Her parents eventually discoverer that Jess has been playing football behind their backs, Jess's parents (Anupam Kher and Shaheen Khan) become more strict and forbid Jess from playing any more matches.
The elder Bhamras are also distracted by their elaborate wedding plans for Jess's older sister, Pinky (Archie Panjabi).
Thanks to Jess and Jules's skills, the Harriers reach the finals of the league tournament.
Unfortunately, the final and Pinky's wedding are on the same day.
Joe pleads with mr Bhamra to allow Jess to play, but mr Bhamra refuses, revealing that he doesn't want Jess to suffer the same way he did when he was kicked out of the cricket club because of him being Indian.
Jess develops an attraction toward Joe, and when the team plays in Hamburg, Germany and goes out clubbing, they're caught about to kiss by Jules, who also has a crush on Joe, souring Jess and Jules's friendship, as Jules is adamant she'd told Jess about her crush.
When Jess goes to Jules's house to try to patch up their friendship, Jules's mother (Juliet Stevenson) is misled and thinks they're hiding a lesbian relationship.
Joe accepts that Jess isn't allowed to play, and the final begins without her.
But halfway through Pinky's wedding, Tony convinces mr Bhamra to let Jess go.
He agrees, and Tony drives Jess to the game, where the Harriers are losing 1-0 with half an hour left.
Jess and Jules tie the score, and when Jess is awarded a free kick, she must bend the ball around the wall of players to score.
She succeeds and the Harriers win the tournament.
Jess and Jules are offered scholarships at Santa Clara University in California, which Jules tells her parents immediately, whereas Jess has trouble telling hers.
Jules and her mother arrive at the wedding so that Jules can celebrate with Jess.
When mrs Paxton accuses Jess of being a hypocrite and a lesbian, Jules grabs her mother and runs off in shame.
Jess still hasn't told her parents about the scholarship.
Tony decides to lie to the family and tells them he's engaged to Jess as long as she gets to go to any college she wants.
Jess reveals the lie and her mother blames Jess's father for allowing her to play.
Jess's father convinces her mother to accept Jess's wishes after telling her he doesn't want Jess suffering as he did.
Jess flees to the football field to tell Joe of her parents' decision.
The two almost kiss, but Jess pulls away, saying her parents would object, and that although they had come far enough to let her go to America to play, she doesn't think they would be able to handle another cultural rebellion from her.
On the day of Jess and Jules's flight, Jules's mother gives her daughter a football jersey and wishes her good luck.
The two are about to board the plane when Joe arrives and confesses his love for Jess.
The two kiss and Jess agrees to sort out their relationship (and her parents) when she returns for Christmas.
While at the airport, they see David Beckham with his wife Victoria, which Jules takes as a sign.
Jess and Jules send their parents a team photograph, and it is revealed that Pinky is pregnant.
mr Bhamra practises cricket with Joe's help.
This novel is the story of the Berrys, a quirky New Hampshire family composed of a married couple, Win and Mary, and their five children.
The parents, both from the small town of Dairy, New Hampshire, fall in love while working at a summer resort hotel in Maine as teenagers.
There they meet a Viennese Jew named Freud who works at the resort as a handyman and entertainer, performing with his pet bear, State o' Maine; Freud comes to symbolize the magic of that summer for them.
By summer's end the teens are engaged, and Win buys Freud's bear and motorcycle and travels the country performing to raise money to go to Harvard, which he subsequently attends while Mary starts their family.
He then returns to Dairy and teaches at the local second-rate boys' prep school he attended, the Dairy School.
But he is unsatisfied and dreaming of something better.
Brash, self-confident beauty Franny, is the object of her sibling John's adoration.
John serves as the narrator, and is sweet, if naive.
Frank is physically and socially awkward, reserved, and homosexual; he shares a friendship with his younger sister Lilly, a small, romantic girl who has "stopped growing".
Egg, an immature little boy with a penchant for dressing up in costumes, is the baby of the family.
John and Franny are companions, seeing themselves as the most normal of the children, aware that their family is rather strange.
But, as John remarks, to themselves the family's oddness seems "right as rain".
Win conceives the idea of turning an abandoned girls' school into a hotel.
He names it the Hotel New Hampshire and the family moves in.
This becomes the first part of Irving's Dickensian-style tale.
Key plot points include Franny's rape at the hands of quarterback Chipper Dove and several of his fellow football teammates.
The actions and attitude of Chipper, with whom Franny is in love, are contrasted with those of her rescuer, Junior Jones, a black member of the team.
The death of the family dog, Sorrow, provides dark comedy as he is repeatedly "resurrected" via taxidermy, literally scaring the family's grandfather to death at one point and foiling a sexual initiation of John's at another.
John partakes in a continuing sexual/business relationship with the older hotel housekeeper, Ronda Ray, which ends when a letter arrives from Freud in Vienna, inviting the family to move to help him (and his new "smart" bear) run his hotel there.
Traveling separately from the rest of the family, the mother and Egg are killed in an airplane crash.
The others take up life in Vienna at what is renamed the (second) Hotel New Hampshire, one floor of which is occupied by prostitutes and another floor by a group of radical communists.
The family discover that Freud is now blind and the "smart bear" is actually a young woman named Susie, who has endured events which leave her with little fondness for humans and feeling most secure inside a very realistic bear suit.
After the death of his wife, Win Berry retreats further into his own hazy, vague fantasy world, while the family navigate relationships with the prostitutes and the radicals.
John and Franny experience the pain and desire of being in love with each other.
The two also feel jealousy when John becomes romantically involved with a communist who commits suicide, and Franny finds comfort, freedom and excitement in sexual relationships with Susie the bear and Ernst, the "quarterback" of the radicals.
Lilly develops as a writer and authors the story of the family, under whose noses an elaborate plot is being hatched by the radicals to blow up the opera house, using Freud and the family as hostages, which Freud and Win barely manage to stop.
The family becomes famous, and with Frank as Lilly's agent, her book is published for a large amount of money.
The family (with Susie the bear) returns to the States, taking up residence in The Stanhope hotel in New York.
In the final part of the novel, Franny and John find a way to resolve their love, and Franny, with Susie's ingenious assistance, gets revenge on her rapist.
Franny finds success as a movie actress and marries Junior Jones, now a well-known civil rights lawyer.
Lilly is unable to cope with the pressure of her career and her own self-criticism and commits suicide.
John and Frank purchase the shut-down resort in Maine where their parents met during the "magical" summer, and the property becomes another hotel of sorts, functioning as a rape crisis center run by Susie.
Susie, whose emotional pain and insecurities have healed somewhat with time and effort, builds a happy relationship with John, and a pregnant Franny asks them to raise her and Junior's impending baby.
The novel is evocative of the New Hampshire of Irving's childhood.
Following the death of her parents, the book's heroine, Flora Poste, finds she is possessed "of every art and grace save that of earning her own living".
She decides to take advantage of the fact that "no limits are set, either by society or one's own conscience, to the amount one may impose on one's relatives", and settles on visiting her distant relatives at the isolated Cold Comfort Farm in the fictional village of Howling in Sussex.
The inhabitants of the farm — Aunt Ada Doom, the Starkadders, and their extended family and workers — feel obliged to take her in to atone for an unspecified wrong once done to her father.
As is typical in a certain genre of romantic 19th-century and early 20th-century literature, each of the farm's inhabitants has some long-festering emotional problem caused by ignorance, hatred, or fear, and the farm is badly run.
Flora, being a level-headed, urban woman, determines that she must apply modern common sense to their problems and help them adapt to the 20th century.
Popular Democratic President Andrew Shepherd is preparing to run for re-election.
The President and his staff, led by Chief of Staff and best friendJ.
MacInerney, attempt to consolidate the administration's 63% approval rating by passing a moderate crime control bill.
However, support for the bill in both parties is tepid: conservatives do not want it, and liberals think it is too weak.
If it passes, however, Shepherd's re-election is presumed by his staff to be a shoo-in, and Shepherd resolves to announce the bill, and the Congressional support to pass it, by the State of the Union.
With the President of France about to arrive in the United States to attend a state dinner in his honor, Shepherd—widowed when his wife died of cancer three years earlier—is placed in an awkward predicament when his cousin Judith, with whom he had planned to attend the dinner, gets sick.
The President's attention soon focuses on Sydney Ellen Wade, just hired by an environmental lobbying firm to persuade the President to pass legislation committing his Administration to substantially reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
During their first meeting, Shepherd and Wade are immediately intrigued by each other.
At this meeting, Shepherd strikes a deal with Wade: if she can secure 24 votes for the environmental bill by the date of the State of the Union, he will deliver the last 10 votes.
Whatever his personal feelings toward Wade, he expresses this to his staff, especially the pragmaticJ, as a sound political move.
He believes Wade will not be able to get enough votes to meet her side of the deal, thus releasing Shepherd from responsibility if the bill fails to pass.
Later that evening, in a series of phone calls, Shepherd invites Wade to the state dinner.
During the State dinner and subsequent occasions, the couple fall in love.
When the Republican presidential hopeful Senator Bob Rumson learns "the President's got a girlfriend," he steps up his attacks on Shepherd and Wade, focusing on Wade's activist past and maligning Shepherd's ethics and his family values.
The President refuses to respond to these attacks, which drives his approval ratings lower and costs him crucial political support, without which his crime bill seems doomed to failure.
At the White House Christmas Party, Wade is dejected about her meeting that day with three Congressmen from Michigan about the environmental bill and how it was a dismal failure; in the process, she inadvertently mentions to the President andJ.
that the Congressmen in question said the only bill they were more interested in defeating than the President's crime bill was Wade's environmental bill.
Shepherd andJ.
are conflicted by this information as Wade clearly had no idea of the implications of this casual conversation, much less that they might actually use this information in their favor and against her environmental bill.
Eventually, Wade does manage to get enough votes to meet her part of the deal.
However, in the meantime, Shepherd's team discovers he is exactly three votes short, with no other apparent options to acquire them except by shelving the environmental bill, thus solidifying the support of the three Congressmen from Michigan—which he agrees to do.
This results in disaster for Wade as she is immediately fired from her lobbyist job for failing to achieve her objectives, as well as seemingly jeopardizing her political reputation.
She visits the White House to break up with Shepherd and says that she has a job possibility in Hartford, Connecticut.
He tells her politics is making choices, his number-one has always been the crime control bill, and that he does not want to lose her over this.
She congratulates him on getting the leverage to pass a crime bill that in no way will help fight crime.
She concludes, "Mr.
President, you have bigger problems than losing me—you've just lost my vote".
On the morning that he is to deliver his State of the Union Address, and after an argument withJ, Shepherd makes a surprise appearance in the White House press room and rebuts Rumson's attacks on Wade's past and his own values and character.
He declares he will send the controversial environmental bill to Congress with a massive 20% cut in fossil fuels — far more than the 10% originally envisioned — and that he is withdrawing his support for the weak crime bill, promising to write a stronger one in due time.
In his speech he even promises gun control, in an attempt at root-and-branch solving of America's problems.
His passionate and erudite defense of those things in which he believes, in contrast to his earlier passive behavior, galvanizes the press and his staff.
Shepherd declares he is "going over to her house and I'm not leaving until I get her back", but Wade enters the Oval Office before he can leave.
The couple are reconciled and the President, accompanied by Wade, leaves to give his State of the Union Address.
The film ends with Shepherd entering the House chamber to thunderous applause.
In an opening scene, a group of men are interviewed regarding Christina Walters (Cameron Diaz) who introduce her as a player and a user of men in the swinging singles market.
The men include: The scene shifts back to the sexist man whose claims of Christina's lesbianism causes an entire crowd of women to attack him with baseball bats and the movie moves along, introducing Christina Walters, a successful interior designer and Courtney Rockcliffe (Christina Applegate) who is a divorce lawyer as they console their friend and roommate Jane (Selma Blair), who had recently broken up with her boyfriend Kevin, by taking her out to a dance club and cancel their plans to stay in for pizza.
At the club, Jane feels out of place and Christina grabs a man passing by to set Jane up with.
She meets Peter Donahue (Thomas Jane) who confronts Christina for her methods before disappearing for the night.
While in the bathroom with Courtney, she calls him by name, leading her to suspect that he got under Christina's skin and she is actually attracted to him which she denies.
After running into Peter again, Christina buys him a drink and they spend time together, Peter explaining that he will be attending a wedding on Saturday and he is at the club with his obnoxious, womanizing brother Roger (Jason Bateman) to celebrate.
He invites Christina and Courtney to an after-party at their hotel, but Christina goes home and later regrets not going.
The next day, Christina cannot stop talking about Peter while Jane deals with an embarrassing "cleanup" from her fun with the guy she met the night before.
In the unedited version, Jane returns to the lunch and the women talk about always complimenting men for the sizes of their penises, eventually breaking out into a restaurant-wide "Penis Song".
Courtney arranges for her and Christina to travel to Somerset where Peter's brother's wedding is to take place and they meet Jane's boyfriend as a recurring gag they indicate he is well endowed causing misery and enjoyment from Jane.
After they leave, Christina and Courtney go on a series of misadventures including an exploding toilet, a glory hole discovery, and a motorcyclist who is led to believe Christina is giving Courtney oral sex.
Meanwhile, Jane encounters her boyfriend at her retail job and is nearly caught having sex with him in the changing rooms.
When Christina and Courtney finally get to Somerset, Christina begins having second thoughts after visiting a store to replace their wet and ruined clothing only to come out in extremely gaudy, indiscreet outfits, but a series of coincidences gives her a change of heart and they go to Peter's brother's wedding.
Arriving, they discover that it is Peter, not Roger who is getting married and the pair nearly ruin the ceremonies in their attempts to escape.
Peter and his fiance then decide that they do not want to marry each other and they call off the wedding (much to her father's chagrin) while Christina returns home and back to a newly unfulfilled life of being single again.
Later, Peter finds Christina's address in the log at the store they bought their clothing in and tracks her down.
Christina, determined not to fear the commitment, kisses Peter and then walks away disappointed.
Sometime later, Courtney is dating a doctor and is clearly very attracted to him, and Peter is interviewed like the men at the beginning of the film, retelling his version of the events calling her a bitch and a player, but ultimately revealing that he and Christina are together, having gotten married and are living very happily with Jane and Courtney and Roger as well.
Whether they all live together is left ambiguous.
Cody Banks (Frankie Muniz), a 15-year-old high school junior, applies for a junior field ops position at the Central Intelligence Agency's SAD (Special Activities Division) after completing a training summer camp.
Answering to his handler Agent Ronica Miles, Cody is called upon a mission to find information about a scientist named dr Albert Connors.
Connors is employed by a SPECTRE type organization named ERIS led by dr Brinkman, and his henchman François Molay.
As all CIA agents are known to Brinkman's organization, the CIA uses the unknown Banks, who is placed into the prep school of dr Connors' daughter Natalie (Hilary Duff), the William Donovan Institute.
Cody soon finds he has no social skill with girls and has no time to do this while balancing his chores and homework.
The CIA decides to help by doing his chores and homework, trying to build his status, and going into the school to set him up with Natalie.
The CIA also assemble a varying team of "experts" to train Cody into how to talk to girls, and issue him with a variety of gadgets with various functions.
Eventually, Cody befriends and falls in love with Natalie after saving her from falling off a ladder while putting up a banner, and he is invited to her 16th birthday party, where he goes undercover to her father's lab.
Cody finds that dr Brinkman is planning to use nanobots — which can destroy any carbon or silicon-based substance — to destroy the world's defense systems so he can threaten anyone who opposes him.
Since the nanobots are inactive in the cold, he plans to use ice cubes to distribute them.
After Connors, dr Brinkman, and François leave the lab, Cody tries to take one of the ice cubes, only for it to melt when in his possession.
Shortly after this, Cody gets into a fight with a number of bullies, at the party.
The fight makes the school newspaper, and the CIA suspends Cody from the mission.
Meanwhile, with Connors refusing to aid him in his plans, dr Brinkman sends François and some men to catch Natalie and bring her into his base in the Cascade Mountains.
Meanwhile, disobeying orders to leave her out of it, Cody and Natalie eat ice cream at a restaurant.
Cody attempts to explain things to Natalie but François and a group of men come over to their table and fight with Cody, knocking him unconscious and taking Natalie.
Cody is removed from the mission, and his parents ground him for staying out past his curfew.
Cody gets his brother Alex to make sure his parents do not find out that he is gone by giving him the $5,000 the CIA gave him.
Knowing Natalie's location via a tracking device in a necklace he gave her as a birthday present, Cody breaks into the CIA weapons hold and steals a rocket powered snowboard and other devices to rescue Natalie.
Cody gets a ride to the top of the mountain and snowboards to the factory where Natalie is held.
On the way, he gets caught in a grove of trees as Ronica finds him using a SoloTrek XFV.
After convincing her that they need to rescue Natalie, the pair infiltrate the laboratory and Cody rescues Natalie, also explaining the truth about why he went out with her.
However, the trio are captured by Brinkman's men, although Cody quickly manages to escape.
Natalie is held hostage by dr Brinkman, who puts an ice cube with a nanobot inside on her forehead to make her father program the system.
Cody sets off a series of explosive charges he and Ronica planted throughout the base, and in the ensuing battle, Ronica fights off several of dr Brinkman's men and Natalie kills dr Brinkman by placing the ice cube with the nanobots into his mouth, causing it to melt, and the nanobots to devour him from the inside out.
Cody later defeats François and sends him to the CIA using the SoloTrek XFV, before fleeing the facility with Ronica, Natalie and dr Connors before it explodes.
Back at headquarters, the CIA welcomes Cody back to the team and congratulates him for completing the mission.
The CIA Director asks Cody if there is anything else he needs and Cody asks them if they could help Natalie get her driver's license, which she receives.
Cody and Natalie are now a couple and the film ends with them sharing their first kiss.
The Great Leslie (Tony Curtis) and Professor Fate (Jack Lemmon) are competing daredevils at the turn of the 20th century.
Leslie is the classic hero – always dressed in white, handsome, ever-courteous, enormously talented and successful.
Leslie's nemesis, Fate, is the traditional melodramatic villain – usually dressed in black, sporting a black moustache and top hat, glowering at most everyone, maniacal evil laugh, grandiose plans to thwart the hero, and dogged by failure.
Leslie proposes an automobile race from New York to Paris and offers the Webber Motor Car Company the opportunity to build an automobile to make the journey.
They design and build a new car named "The Leslie Special".
Fate builds his own race vehicle, the Hannibal Twin-8, complete with hidden devices of sabotage.
Others cars enter in the race, including New York City's most prominent newspaper.
Driving the newspaper's car is beautiful photojournalist Maggie DuBois (Natalie Wood), a vocal suffragette.
The seven-car race begins, but Fate's long-suffering sidekick Maximilian Meen (Peter Falk) has sabotaged four other cars (and his own, by mistake), leaving just three cars in the race.
The surviving teams are Leslie with his loyal mechanic Hezekiah Sturdy (Keenan Wynn), Maggie DuBois driving a Stanley Steamer by herself, and Fate and Max.
The newspaper's car breaks down and Maggie accepts a lift in the Leslie Special.
Fate arrives first at a refueling point, the small Western frontier town of Boracho.
A local outlaw named "Texas Jack" (Larry Storch) becomes jealous of the attraction to Leslie shown by showgirl Lily Olay (Dorothy Provine) and a saloon brawl ensues.
Fate sneaks outside amidst the chaos, steals the fuel he needs, and destroys the rest.
Leslie uses mules to pull his car to another refueling point, where Maggie tricks Hezekiah into boarding a train and handcuffs him to a seat, lying to Leslie that Hezekiah had quit and "wanted to go back to New York".
The two remaining cars reach the Bering Strait and park side-by-side in a blinding snowstorm.
Keeping warm during the storm, Leslie and Maggie begin to see each other as more than competitors.
Mishaps, including a polar bear in Fate's car, compel all four racers to warm themselves in Leslie's car.
They awaken on a small ice floe which drifts into their intended Russian port, where Hezekiah is waiting for Leslie, who in turn casts off Maggie for deceiving him.
Maggie is snatched by Fate, who drives off in the lead.
After driving across Asia, both cars enter the tiny kingdom of Pottsdorf, whose alcoholic and foppish Crown Prince Hapnick (also played by Lemmon) is a double for Fate.
Rebels under the leadership of Baron Rolfe von Stuppe (Ross Martin) and General Kuhster (George Macready) kidnap the Prince, Fate, Max, and Maggie.
Max escapes and joins Leslie to rescue the others.
Fate is forced to masquerade as the Prince during the coronation so that the rebels can gain control of the kingdom.
Leslie and Max overcome Von Stuppe's henchmen and confront Von Stuppe.
Following a climactic sword duel with Leslie, Von Stuppe attempts escape by leaping to a waiting boat, but bursts the hull and sinks it.
Leslie and Max return the real Prince in time for his coronation and depart with Fate and Maggie.
Fate takes refuge in a bakery but falls into a huge cake.
A pie fight ensues involving the racers, the Prince's men and the conspirators.
As the racers leave Pottsdorf (with Maggie now back in Leslie's car), it becomes a straight road race to Paris.
Nearing Paris, Leslie and Maggie have a spirited argument regarding the roles of men, women and sex in relationships.
Leslie stops his car just short of the finish line under the Eiffel Tower to prove that he loves Maggie more than he cares about winning the race.
Fate drives past to claim the winner's mantle, but becomes indignant that Leslie let him win.
Fate demands a rematch: a race back to New York.
The return race commences, with newlyweds Leslie and Maggie now a team.
Fate lets them start first, then attempts to destroy their car with a small cannon.
In the final scene, the cannon misfires, knocking down the Eiffel Tower.
In 1968, Jim Douglas is a down-on-his luck racing driver, reduced to competing in demolition derby races against drivers half his age.
Jim lives in an old fire house overlooking San Francisco Bay with his friend and mechanic, Tennessee Steinmetz, a jolly Brooklynite who constantly extols the virtues of spiritual enlightenment, having spent time amongst Buddhist monks in Tibet, and builds "art" from car parts.
After yet another race ends in a crash (and Tennessee turns his Edsel into a sculpture), Jim finds himself without a car and heads into town in search of some cheap wheels.
He is enticed into an upmarket European car showroom after setting eyes on an attractive sales assistant and mechanic, Carole Bennett.
Jim witnesses the dealership's British owner, Peter Thorndyke, being unnecessarily abusive towards a white Volkswagen Beetle that rolls into the showroom, and defends the car's honor, much to Thorndyke's displeasure.
The following morning Jim is shocked to find that the car is parked outside his house and that Thorndyke is pressing charges for grand theft.
A heated argument between Jim and Thorndyke is settled when Carole persuades Thorndyke to drop the charges if Jim buys the car on a system of monthly payments.
Jim soon finds the car is prone to going completely out of his control and believes Thorndyke has conned him.
Tennessee, however, believes certain inanimate objects to have hearts and minds of their own and tries to befriend the car, naming it Herbie.
Jim's feelings about his new acquisition soon improve when it appears Herbie is intent on bringing him and Carole together.
He also discovers Herbie to have an incredible turn of speed for a car of his size and decides to take him racing.
After watching Jim and Herbie win their first race together, Thorndyke, himself a major force on the local racing scene, offers to cancel the remaining payments Jim owes on Herbie if Jim can win a race that they will both be competing in at Riverside later that month.
Jim accepts, and despite Thorndyke's underhanded tactics, he and Herbie take victory.
Over the next few months they go on to become the toast of the Californian racing circuit, while Thorndyke suffers increasingly humiliating defeats.
Thorndyke finally snaps, and persuades Carole to take Jim out on a date while he sneaks round to Jim's house.
After getting Tennessee drunk on his own Irish coffee recipe, Thorndyke proceeds to tip the remainder of the alcoholic coffee and whipped cream into Herbie's gas tank.
At the following day's race, an apparently hungover Herbie shudders to a halt and backfires while Thorndyke blasts to victory.
However, as the crowd admires Thorndyke's victory, Herbie blows some whipped cream out of his exhaust pipe, covering Thorndyke.
That evening, Jim returns home in a brand new Lamborghini 400GT, having agreed to sell Herbie to Thorndyke to pay the remaining installments he owes on it.
Jim states he needs a "real car" for the upcoming El Dorado road race, but finds no sympathy from Tennessee, Carole, or Herbie, who jealously proceeds to damage the sleek sports car, proving to Jim once and for all he has a mind of his own.
By the time Thorndyke arrives to collect Herbie, he is nowhere to be found, and Jim sets off into the night hoping to find Herbie and make amends before the car is seized by Thorndyke's goons.
After narrowly escaping being torn apart in Thorndyke's workshop, and a destructive spree through Chinatown, during the Chinese New Year's parade, Herbie is about to launch himself off the Golden Gate Bridge when Jim reaches him.
In his attempt to stop Herbie from driving off the bridge, Jim nearly falls into the water.
Herbie pulls Jim back to safety, but then is impounded by the San Francisco Police Department.
There, Tang Wu, (Benson Fong) a Chinese businessman whose store was damaged during Herbie's rampage, demands compensation that Jim can no longer afford.
Using the Chinese he learned while in Tibet, Tennessee tries to reason with Wu, and learns that he is a huge racing fan who knows all about Jim and Herbie's exploits.
Wu is willing to drop the charges in exchange for becoming Herbie's new owner.
Jim agrees to this, as long as Wu allows him to race the car in the El Dorado.
If Jim wins, Wu will be able to keep the prize money, but has to sell Herbie back for a dollar.
Wu replies to this proposal in clear English: "Now you speak my language.
"  The El Dorado runs through the Sierra Nevada mountains from Yosemite Valley to Virginia City and back.
Before the start of the race, Thorndyke persuades Wu to make a wager with him on its outcome.
Thorndyke (with his assistant Havershaw acting as co-driver) pulls every trick in the book to ensure he and his Thorndyke Special are leading at end of the first leg of the race.
As a result of Thorndyke's shenanigans, Jim (with Carole and Tennessee as co-drivers) limps home last with Herbie missing two wheels and having to use a wagon wheel to get to the finish line.
Despite Tennessee's best efforts, it looks as if Herbie will be unable to start the return leg of the race the following morning.
Thorndyke then arrives and claims that this makes him the new owner of the car.
Wu regretfully tells Jim of the wager and that in accordance with its terms this is true.
Thorndyke, thinking he is Herbie's new owner, gloats to Jim about what he's going to do to Herbie and kicks Herbie's front fender, and punches Jim, but Herbie then unexpectedly lurches into life and chases Thorndyke from the scene, showing he is more than willing to race on.
Thanks to some ingenious shortcuts, Jim is able to make up for lost time in the second leg and is neck and neck with Thorndyke as they approach the finish line.
In the ensuing dogfight, Herbie's hastily welded-together body splits in two.
The back half (carrying Tennessee and the engine) crosses the line just ahead of Thorndyke, while the front (carrying Jim and Carole) rolls over the line just behind, meaning Herbie takes both first and third place.
In accordance with the terms of the wager, Wu takes over Thorndyke's car dealership (hiring Tennessee as his assistant), while Thorndyke and Havershaw are relegated to lowly mechanics.
Meanwhile, a fully repaired Herbie chauffeurs the newlywed Jim and Carole away on their honeymoon.
Julianne Potter (Julia Roberts), a 27-year-old New York City restaurant critic, receives a call from her lifelong friend Michael O'Neal (Dermot Mulroney).
In college, the two made an agreement that if neither of them were married by the time they turned 28, they would marry each other.
Three weeks before her 28th birthday, Michael tells her that in four days, he will marry Kimmy Wallace (Cameron Diaz), a 20-year-old University of Chicago student from a wealthy family.
Julianne is disappointed that Michael will marry someone so wrong for him, and someone he has known for such a short time.
She realizes that she is in love with Michael, and heads to Chicago, intent on sabotaging his wedding.
Soon after arriving she meets Kimmy, who asks her to be the maid of honor.
This sets off a subplot in which Julianne must pretend to be the dutiful maid of honor while secretly scheming ways to prevent the wedding from happening.
She engages in petty sabotage—for example, taking Kimmy and Michael to a karaoke bar after discovering that Kimmy is a terrible singer—and later asks her gay friend and editor George Downes (Rupert Everett) to pretend they are engaged, hoping to make Michael jealous.
When these tactics fail, George persuades Julianne to do the obvious: tell Michael she is in love with him.
One morning, Michael gets Julianne alone and tells her that it'll be the last time they ever get to be alone.
He expresses some skepticism in marrying Kimmy, explaining that he and Kimmy don't share a special song like he and Julianne do.
Michael discreetly gives Julianne the invitation to tell him she's in love with him, but she lets the opportunity pass.
Michael starts singing their song as he grabs Julianne and holds her while they dance one last time.
Julianne's unauthorized use of Kimmy's father's computer to forge an email message to Michael's employer causes further problems for Michael and Kimmy, to the point where they are on the verge of calling off the wedding.
The next morning, the day of the wedding, Julianne tries to sabotage the situation further; as Michael and Kimmy are not speaking to each other, they communicate through Julianne, not realizing she is trying to manipulate them into breaking up for good.
In spite of this, Michael and Kimmy decide they do love each other and want to get married after all.
Julianne and Michael then take a walk, with Julianne finally confessing her love to Michael.
She asks him to marry her instead, and passionately kisses him.
Kimmy witnesses this, and runs off, but Michael chases her.
Julianne pursues Michael, but finally realizes he loves Kimmy.
Julianne finds Michael at Chicago Union Station, where he is looking for Kimmy, and confesses all to him.
Despite his anger at her deception, Michael forgives Julianne, and they split up to look for Kimmy.
Julianne then tracks down Kimmy in the bathroom of Comiskey Park (Kimmy's family has a private viewing box at the stadium).
Kimmy, rightly furious with Julianne, confronts her, while the other women watch, immediately siding with Kimmy and are disgusted with Julianne's dirty tactics.
Julianne, however, apologizes and explains to Kimmy that she kissed Michael unexpectedly, but he didn't kiss her back because he was in love with Kimmy.
Julianne declares that Kimmy has won, and that she accepts Michael's decision.
Kimmy and Julianne reconcile with each other while the witnesses applaud.
After the wedding, at the reception, Julianne tells Michael that he and Kimmy can use their special song until they find one of their own, essentially acting like a true best friend.
Julianne wishes them well, and she and Michael share their goodbyes, both of them finally moving on with their lives.
Later, Julianne is surprised by George showing up at the wedding reception.
The movie ends with the two of them happily sharing a dance together.
In 1985, 16-year-old high school student Ted Stroehmann (Ben Stiller) lands a prom date with his dream girl Mary Jensen (Cameron Diaz), which is cancelled after a painful and embarrassing zipper accident.
After the ordeal gains the attention of numerous members of the household and community and Ted is carted off to a hospital, he subsequently loses contact with Mary.
Thirteen years later, in 1998, 29-year-old Ted is still in love with Mary.
On the advice of his best friend Dom (Chris Elliott), he hires a smarmy private detective named Pat Healy (Matt Dillon) to track her down.
Healy finds that she is an orthopedic surgeon living in Miami with her friend, Magda, and quickly falls in love with Mary as well.
He lies to Ted about her, saying she is grossly overweight with many children, to discourage him from having any contact with her.
Healy resorts to lying, cheating, stalking, and even drugging Magda's dog to win Mary over, but is exposed by Mary's architect friend, Tucker (Lee Evans), who is heavily reliant on crutches and speaks with an English accent.
Enraged, Healy tails Tucker and discovers him to be a fraud himself: he is an able-bodied, entirely American pizza delivery boy who is also in love with Mary.
For years, Tucker has been driving away potential rivals through slander, including one oft-mentioned suitor referred to only as "Brett".
Meanwhile, Ted decides he still wants to reconnect with Mary and, assisted by Dom, drives down to Florida and discovers the truth about her.
Ted seems to have won Mary's love, until an anonymous letter exposes his connection with Healy, and she breaks contact with him.
Ted confronts Healy and Tucker, and Mary is accosted by Dom, who is revealed to be her former boyfriend "Woogie," who "got weird on her" back in college, stealing all her shoes.
When Mary is finally together with all of her deceitful suitors, Ted realizes that the only one who did not resort to lying and manipulation to win Mary was Brett, who turns out to be NFL quarterback Brett Favre.
After reuniting Brett and Mary, Ted leaves tearfully until Mary chases after Ted, saying that she would be happiest with him.
The film concludes with the two engaging in a kiss while a guitarist (Jonathan Richman), who periodically narrated the story in song throughout the film, is accidentally shot by Magda's boyfriend, who was trying to shoot Ted so he could win over Mary.
Film publicist Lee Phillips (Billy Crystal) is tasked with promoting a film featuring movie stars Gwen Harrison (Catherine Zeta-Jones) and Eddie Thomas (John Cusack).
His job is complicated by the fact that the eccentric director of the film, Hal Weidmann (Christopher Walken), refuses to show him a cut of the film and demands the first viewing take place at a press junket.
To promote the film, Lee decides to focus on the two stars: Gwen and Eddie, once known as "America's Sweethearts".
Unfortunately, they are now going through an ugly split.
As a result of Gwen's affair with Hector (Hank Azaria), Eddie has an emotional breakdown and is at a New Age retreat.
Lee decides that his best chance to promote the film is to reunite the couple.
He tries to get them to attend the junket, playing on Gwen's ego by telling her she will look better to the press and her fans if she attends (and she will be able to serve Eddie with divorce papers).
Lee bribes the retreat owner with a car to convince Eddie to come.
Gwen's sister and personal assistant, Kiki (Julia Roberts), and Gwen's lover (Hector) are also involved.
When Eddie sees Kiki at the junket she has lost weight and is now physically attractive.
As the junket begins, Eddie and Gwen are forced together as well as Kiki and Hector.
Gwen encourages Kiki to be her go-between with Eddie so she can have some alone time with Hector.
Eddie and Kiki begin to warm to each other.
At first, Gwen is oblivious, but eventually discovers Kiki's feelings for Eddie.
Out of her own desire to maintain her career by convincing the press that they are trying to reconcile, Gwen tries to prevent a blossoming relationship between Kiki and Eddie with her manipulation.
She succeeds in hurting Kiki's feeling and causing her to eat again.
However, Gwen's behavior enrages Eddie who always seen past her for the person she is and also sees his marriage for what it really is.
He admits to Lee that he's in love with Kiki and has always liked her for the person she is inside and out.
Realizing this along with how unhappy Eddie was with Gwen, Lee encourages him to tell Kiki and end his marriage to Gwen anyway.
When the film is shown, the press, cast and crew discover that Weidmann junked the script; he made a "reality movie", composed of footage shot making the film (most without the actors' knowledge).
The footage shows Gwen as self-centered, conniving and manipulative; Eddie is seen as a decent man who becomes paranoid as he begins to suspect that his wife is having an affair.
Gwen and Hector are the antagonists, Eddie is the protagonist and Kiki is his love interest in the story.
The cast and crew--particularly Gwen--are offended by the direction that Weidmann went with instead of sticking to the movie script and demands an explanation.
Eddie is the only cast member pleased with Weidmann's direction and wants to work with him again.
Because of praise from the press, the studio is forced to release the film (Weidmann's plan all along, this include ruining Gwen's career and reviving Eddie's).
Gwen tries to salvage the situation by announcing that she is reconciling with Eddie.
However, he sees past it and openly admits that he's done with her.
Eddie mentions their relationship was a mistake and declares his love for Kiki.
She reciprocates and stands up to Gwen for the first time.
Kiki is fired by Gwen when she reveals dirty secrets about Gwen while they were growing up that even the press, the cast and crew who watched the "reality movie" didn't know about.
After the junket, Gwen selfishly admits to the press that she and Eddie are through and saying she's in love with Hector.
However, their relationship is seen to be disintegrating after Hector overheard Gwen insulting him in the film in addition to the revelation that Hector himself had an affair with Weidmann's young daughter.
Kiki and Eddie prepare to leave the hotel together.
Before they do, Lee catches them kissing and is happy for the two.
Moments after they leave, Lee gets jumped on by Gwen's dog.
Freddie (Cameron Diaz) is a former stripper marrying Sam (Vincent D'Onofrio) to repay a debt owed to nightclub owner Red (Delroy Lindo).
When Freddie meets Jjaks (Keanu Reeves), Sam's brother, they instantly fall in love.
Jjaks and Freddie decide to run off together, eventually staying in a motel.
After realizing that they don't have any money, Freddie and Jjaks decide to go back and steal some of Sam's money.
Sam catches Jjaks in the act and they have a fight.
After escaping, Jjaks returns to the motel, unaware that Sam has been following him.
After Jjaks passes out due to the fight, Sam ends up shooting Freddie in the stomach in Jjak's car, and tries to frame the killing on Jjaks by returning Freddie's body to the motel room along with the murder weapon.
The next morning, Jjaks awakens having no memory of anything that happened after his fight with Sam.
Seeing Freddie's body in the room along with the gun, he briefly thinks that maybe he killed Freddie.
After being tipped off by Sam, the police arrive but Jjaks hastily avoids being caught.
He drives Freddie's body to a remote area in the woods and proceeds to lay her to rest.
All the while, Sam has been watching these events from afar, hoping to see his brother arrested.
Sam now calls a friend, Detective Ben Costikyan (Dan Aykroyd), who promptly arrests Jjaks.
The three of them, along with Ben's partner Lloyd (David Alan Smith), drive to the area where supposedly Freddie's body is.
However upon arrival Freddie is nowhere to be found.
Angered at Sam for wasting his time, Costikyan, along with Lloyd, drive off, leaving the brothers by the side of the road.
Jjacks and Sam return home.
They receive a phone call from the manager of the motel (Michael Rispoli), who, based on seeing Sam carrying Freddie's body INTO the motel room and Jjacks carrying the body OUT OF the motel room, wants $50,000 to keep quiet.
Jjaks now realizes that Sam was setting him up.
After another fight, they come up with a plan: Jjaks will go to the motel to talk to the manager while Sam will see Red, hoping for a loan.
At this point, Red has learned that Sam's been stealing money from him for the past year.
Sam ends up shooting and killing Red after a brief skirmish and collects the $50,000 from a safe.
Jjaks meets with the motel manager but sees Freddie's necklace on the floor of the manager's apartment.
Confused and angry, Jjaks throws the manager outside and threatens to kill him.
Suddenly out of nowhere, an alive Freddie walks towards them, calling out Jjaks' name.
She shows Jjaks her bullet wound and tell him that Sam's a bad shot.
Also, someone picked her up from the side of the road where he'd left her body.
The next morning Sam calls Jjaks and tells him he got the money.
However, after seeing Freddie alive from a nearby diner, he confronts Jjaks and Freddie in the manager's apartment.
Sam ends up getting shot when Jjaks and Freddie try to defend themselves.
Costikyan enters the hotel room and suffocates Sam by holding his hand against his mouth.
It turns out that Freddie had called Costikyan after being rescued and used him to help her get the $50,000.
A betrayed and wounded Jjaks is left helpless.
Some time later, Costikyan is arrested in his underwear inside a hotel.
Freddie had tipped off the cops and left with the money.
Jjaks and Freddie have since had a falling out, however Jjaks remembers Freddie's dream: that she wants to live in Las Vegas and be a dancer.
He hitchhikes there and she says, with a smile: "what took you f***ing so long.
" They embrace each other.
On Christmas morning, 1909, in a quaint Midwestern town, Jim Dear gives his wife Darling an American cocker spaniel puppy which she names Lady.
Lady enjoys a happy life with the couple and two local neighborhood dogs, Jock, a Scottish terrier, and Trusty, a bloodhound.
Meanwhile, across town, a stray mutt named Tramp lives on his own, dining on scraps from Tony's restaurant and protecting his friends from the local dogcatcher.
One day, Lady is saddened after her owners begin treating her rather coldly.
Jock and Trusty visit her and determine that their change in behavior is due to Darling expecting a baby.
While Jock and Trusty try to explain what a baby is, Tramp interrupts the conversation and offers his own thoughts on the matter, making Jock and Trusty take an immediate dislike to the stray and order him out of the yard.
As Tramp leaves, he reminds Lady that "when the baby moves in, the dog moves out".
Eventually, the baby arrives and the couple introduces Lady to the infant, whom Lady grows fond of.
Soon after, Jim Dear and Darling leave for a trip, with their Aunt Sarah looking after the baby and the house.
Aunt Sarah's two trouble-making Siamese cats, Si and Am, trick her into thinking that Lady attacked them with the house a mess.
Aunt Sarah takes Lady to a pet shop to get a muzzle.
Lady flees in horror, only to be pursued by a pack of stray dogs.
Tramp rescues her and finds a beaver at the local zoo who can remove the muzzle.
Later, Tramp shows Lady how he lives "footloose and collar-free", eventually leading into a candlelit Italian dinner at Tony's.
Lady begins to fall in love with Tramp, but she chooses to return home in order to watch over the baby.
Tramp offers to escort Lady back home, but when Tramp decides to chase hens around a farmyard for fun, Lady is captured by the dog catcher and brought to the local dog pound.
While at the pound, the other dogs reveal to Lady that Tramp's had multiple girlfriends in the past and they feel it's unlikely he'll ever settle down.
She is eventually claimed by Aunt Sarah, who chains her in the backyard as punishment for running away.
Jock and Trusty visit to comfort Lady, but when Tramp arrives to apologize, Lady angrily confronts him about his past girlfriends.
Just as Tramp leaves, Lady sees a rat trying to sneak into the house.
She barks frantically, but Aunt Sarah tells her to be quiet.
Tramp hears her barking and rushes back, entering the house and corners the rat in the nursery.
Lady breaks free and rushes to the nursery, where Tramp inadvertently knocks over the baby's crib before ultimately killing the rat.
The commotion alerts Aunt Sarah, who sees both dogs and assumes that they are responsible.
She pushes Tramp in a closet and locks Lady in the basement, then calls the pound to get rid of Tramp.
Jim Dear and Darling return home as the dog catcher departs, and when they release Lady, she leads them to the dead rat.
Realizing Tramp's true intentions, Jock and Trusty chase after the dog catcher's wagon.
The dogs are able to track down the wagon and scare the horses, causing the wagon to crash.
Jim Dear arrives in a taxi with Lady, and she reunites with Tramp, but their joy is short-lived when they find Trusty pinned underneath the wagon's wheel, motionless, with Jock howling mournfully.
That Christmas, Tramp's been adopted into the family, and he and Lady have started their own family, with three daughters who look similar to Lady and a son who looks similar to Tramp.
Jock comes to see the family along with Trusty, who's still alive and merely suffered from a broken leg, which is still healing.
Thanks to the puppies, Trusty has a fresh audience for his old stories, but he has forgotten them.
Lady and Tramp have three spunky but well-mannered daughters, Annette, Danielle and Colette, and a feisty and playful but rambunctious and mischievous son, Scamp.
When the family baby, Jim Jr.
tosses a ball Scamp chases after it and makes a mess in the house.
So Jim Dear chains Scamp to a doghouse outside.
Tramp tries to reason with Scamp, but Scamp's wish to be a wild dog causes Tramp to lose his temper.
Later, Scamp sees a pack of stray dogs harassing the dogcatcher outside the yard and becomes intrigued.
He breaks free from his chain and runs off to find them.
He finds a beautiful member of the pack, Angel, and they go to the junkyard with the rest of the Junkyard Dogs.
Meanwhile, Lady sees that Scamp left the doghouse and alerts Tramp and their family.
Scamp confesses that he wishes to join the Junkyard Dogs, but their tough leader, Buster, demands Scamp to pass a few tests.
During the first one, Scamp sneaks up on a large, savage street dog named Reggie, but fails to steal a tin can as Scamp bumps into a trash can loud enough to awaken Reggie.
As Reggie chases Scamp and Angel, they are caught by the dogcatcher.
He nearly catches Angel, but Scamp frees her and lures the dogcatcher to ram the pole of his net into a lightpost.
After the dogcatcher takes Reggie to the dog pound, the rest of all Junkyard Dogs impress Scamp, except Buster.
At the park, one of the Junkyard Dogs tell the story, about Tramp escaping from the group of dogcatchers.
Buster angrily reminds them that Tramp falls in love with Lady to become a house pet.
Scamp is surprised but does not believe that Tramp used to be a Junkyard Dog.
Meanwhile, Lady, Tramp, Jock and Trusty, search for him.
After a romantic stroll, Scamp and Angel happen upon his family searching for him.
When he evades them, Angel is disgusted that he would choose living on the streets over a loving family, as she herself was once a house pet.
At a picnic, the Junkyard Dogs see Scamp's old family.
Realizing that Scamp is Tramp's son, as the second and final test he sets up for Scamp in order to qualify for joining the Junkyard Dogs, Buster orders Scamp to steal a chicken from his family's picnic.
Even though a little bit of conflict ensues over the matter between them and Angel who sees what Buster is really up to, determined to prove that he is a Junkyard Dog, Scamp complies.
After pursuing him to an alley, Tramp asks Scamp to come home, but Scamp refuses and decides to stay with Buster and the dogs.
As Tramp leaves, Buster removes Scamp's collar and declares that Scamp is a Junkyard Dog.
While celebrating, Angel scolds Scamp for not listening to Tramp.
Scamp snaps to Buster and accidentally reveals that Angel wants to be a house pet.
Buster sends Angel out from the pack and she leaves the junkyard.
Wishing to take revenge on Tramp, Buster lures Scamp into getting caught by the dogcatcher.
Realizing that he was selfish and made a terrible mistake, Scamp wishes that he was home with his family.
Angel sees Scamp being sent to the pound and she goes to alert Tramp.
At the pound, Scamp is thrown into the same cage as Reggie.
The massive dog is chained to the wall, but several lunges at Scamp helps him to break free.
Tramp arrives and breaks into the cage just in time.
He uses Reggie's size against him, and locks him back up.
Tramp is about to lead his son out when the dogcatcher arrives.
Recognizing Tramp, he tries to capture them but is bitten in the rear by Angel and in a panic, knocks himself out.
Before heading home, Scamp apologizes to Tramp for running away, while Tramp concedes that he could loosen up a little.
He decides there's nothing wrong with taking his son out to see the river once in a while.
The dogs return to the junkyard, where Scamp retrieves his collar and traps Buster under piles of junk, and the pack members abandon Buster to find owners.
Tramp, Scamp and Angel return home, where the family decides to adopt Angel and Jim gives a bath to Scamp.
As the movie ends, the Junkyard Dogs can be seen with owners of their own.
It is 1961, two years after the original Grease.
The first day of school has arrived and the T-Birds and the Pink Ladies dance and sing as they enter the high school ("Back to School Again").
The Pink Ladies are now led by Stephanie Zinone (Michelle Pfeiffer), who feels she has "outgrown" her relationship with her ex-boyfriend Johnny Nogerelli (Adrian Zmed), the arrogant and rather immature new leader of the T-Birds.
A new arrival comes in the form of clean-cut English student Michael Carrington (Maxwell Caulfield) (a cousin of Sandy Olsson from the previous film).
He is welcomed and introduced to the school atmosphere by Frenchy (Didi Conn), who was asked by Sandy to help show Michael around.
Frenchy reveals she has returned to Rydell to get her high school diploma so she can start her own cosmetics company.
Michael eventually meets Stephanie and quickly becomes smitten with her.
At the local bowling alley, a game ("Score Tonight") turns sour due to the animosity between Johnny and Stephanie.
Stephanie retaliates by kissing the next man who walks in the door, who happens to be Michael.
Bemused by this unexpected kiss, Michael asks her out, but he learns that she has a very specific vision of her ideal man ("Cool Rider").
As he realizes that he will only win her affection if he turns himself into a cool rider, Michael accepts payment from the T-Birds to write term papers for them; he uses the cash to buy a motorcycle.
Following an unusual biology lesson ("Reproduction") given by mr Stuart (Tab Hunter), a substitute teacher, a gang of rival motorcyclists called the Cycle Lords (most of whom are members of the defunct Scorpions) led by Leo Balmudo (Dennis Stewart) surprise the T-Birds at the bowling alley.
Before the fight starts, a lone mysterious (unnamed) biker appears (who is Michael in disguise), defeats the enemy gang and disappears into the night ("Who's That Guy.
").
Stephanie is fascinated with the stranger.
Meanwhile, Louis (Peter Frechette), one of the T-Birds, attempts to trick his sweetheart Sharon (Maureen Teefy), one of the Pink Ladies and Stephanie's friends into losing her virginity to him by taking her to a fallout shelter and faking a nuclear attack ("Let's Do It for Our Country").
The next evening while working at a gas station/garage, Stephanie is surprised again by the Cool Rider, and they enjoy a romantic twilight motorcycle ride.
Just as Michael is about to reveal his identity, they are interrupted by the arrival of the T-Birds and Pink Ladies.
Before Michael leaves, he tells Stephanie that he will see her at the school talent show, in which the Pink Ladies and T-Birds are performing.
Johnny, enraged by Stephanie's new romance, threatens to fight the Cool Rider if he sees him with her again.
The Pink Ladies walk away haughtily, but this has little effect on the T-Birds' self-confidence ("Prowlin'").
At school, Stephanie's poor grades in English lead her to accept Michael's offer of help.
Johnny, upon seeing them together in a discussion, demands that Stephanie quit the Pink Ladies to preserve his honor ("rep", reputation).
Although still enamored with the Cool Rider, interactions with Michael reveal that she has become romantically interested in him as well.
Michael ponders over his continuing charade he puts on for Stephanie ("Charades").
At the talent show, Stephanie and the Cool Rider meet but are ambushed by the T-Birds who pursue Michael on their respective motorcycles, with Stephanie and the Pink Ladies following in a car.
They chase him to a construction site which conceals a deadly drop, and the biker's absence suggests that he has perished below, leaving Stephanie heartbroken and inconsolable.
Johnny and his T-Birds remove the competing Preptones preppie boys by tying them to a shower pole in the boys' locker room and drenching them.
During the Pink Ladies' performance in the talent show ("Girl for All Seasons"), Stephanie enters a dreamlike fantasy world where she is reunited with her mystery biker ("(Love Will) Turn Back the Hands of Time").
She is named winner of the contest and crowned the queen of the upcoming graduation luau, with Johnny hailed as king for his performance of "Prowlin'" with his fellow T-Birds.
The school year ends with the luau ("Rock-a-Hula Luau"), during which the Cycle Lords appear and begin to destroy the celebration.
However, the Cool Rider reappears.
After he defeats the Cycle Lords again, he reveals himself to be Michael.
Initially shocked, Johnny gives him a T-Birds jacket, officially welcoming him into the gang, and Stephanie accepts that she can now be with him.
As a reward, Michael and Stephanie kiss for their new love for each other.
All the couples pair off happily at the seniors' graduation as the graduating class sings ("We'll Be Together").
The credits start rolling in yearbook-style, as in the original film.
Social worker Nina Borowski (Jennifer Aniston) is a bright young woman living in a cozy Brooklyn apartment.
Nina attends a party given by her stepsister Constance (Allison Janney) and her husband, Sidney (Alan Alda).
There Nina meets George Hanson (Paul Rudd), a young, handsome, and gay first grade teacher.
Nina tells George that her stepsister is constantly trying to fix her up with somebody from higher society, completely ignoring the fact that Nina has a boyfriend, Vince (John Pankow).
During the conversation, Nina offers George a room in her apartment as she has just heard from his boyfriend, dr Robert Joley (Tim Daly), that George is looking for somewhere to live.
George, not knowing about Robert's plans, is taken aback and heartbroken, and after the party the two split up.
George accepts Nina's offer and moves into her apartment.
The two soon become best friends; they watch films together and go ballroom dancing.
Everything is great until Nina announces that she is pregnant.
Vince, the baby's father, wants to marry her, but his constant care drives Nina crazy; she leaves him and asks George to help raise her child.
For some time, they live together in her apartment in Brooklyn.
Everything is perfect again until Nina finds that her love for George is growing every day, especially after he tells her he had a girlfriend in high school, leading her to believe they might have a sexual relationship.
One afternoon, George and Nina are about to have sex when George gets a phone call from Robert who tells him how much he has missed him and invites him away for the weekend.
George is confused but agrees to go.
Nina feels threatened and gets jealous.
George and Robert do not re-establish their relationship, but George meets Paul James (Amo Gulinello), a young actor, and the two fall in love and have sex.
Meanwhile, Nina is staying with Constance at a vacation mansion and is extremely moody.
She has a horrible time and decides to head back home and asks George to return as well.
She is mugged on the way and a friendly police officer, Louis (Kevin Carroll), gives her a ride home.
Nina and George decide to invite Paul and his elderly acting mentor, Rodney, for Thanksgiving.
Paul stays the night and has sex with George, resulting in a fallout between George and Nina.
The following day, they start arguing again at George's brother's wedding.
Nina fully explains to George her feelings for him.
George, who loves Nina as his best friend, tells her that he wants to be with Paul.
A few hours later, Nina gives birth to a beautiful girl she names Molly.
Vince, ecstatic, visits her in the hospital, but when he leaves to complete paperwork, Nina and George remain alone with Molly.
Nina asks George when he plans to move out to which he replies that he doesn't know.
She asks him to move out of her apartment before she gets home from hospital, stating that it would hurt her too much to have him stay any longer knowing that he doesn't love her.
The end of the film takes place at George's school eight years later, in which all of the characters go to see Molly in a musical production that George has directed.
Nina is now in a relationship with Louis, and George is with Paul, both of them now happy.
The film ends as Nina, George, and young Molly (Sarah Hyland) (who refers to George as her "Uncle George") walk together down the sidewalk, hand-in-hand, on their way to get coffee.
Larry Gigli (Ben Affleck) is a low-ranking Los Angeles mob enforcer who isn't nearly as tough as he likes to act.
Louis (Lenny Venito), a higher-ranking member of Gigli's organization, commands Gigli to kidnap the mentally challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor to use as a bargaining chip to save New York City-based mob boss Starkman (Al Pacino) from prison.
Gigli successfully convinces the young man, Brian Dorf (Justin Bartha), to go off with him by promising to take him "to the Baywatch", apparently a reference to the television show of that name, which seems to be Brian's singular obsession.
Louis, however, does not trust Gigli to do the job properly, so he hires a woman calling herself Ricki (Jennifer Lopez) to take charge.
Despite being attracted to Ricki, Gigli resents both Louis' lack of faith in him and having to take orders from a woman.
He is also frustrated by Brian's insistence on going to "the Baywatch" and by Ricki's lesbianism.
A suspicious detective (Christopher Walken) comes to the apartment to question Gigli in reference to Brian's disappearance.
Gigli is further annoyed when his mother (Lainie Kazan) takes an immediate liking to Ricki and when the two women team up to needle him.
The events take a darker turn when Gigli and Ricki receive orders to cut off Brian's thumb, something that neither wants to do.
Worse, Ricki's ex-girlfriend, Robin (Missy Crider), shows up at Gigli's apartment, accusing Ricki of changing sexual orientation.
Robin slits her wrists and has to be rushed to the hospital.
While at the hospital, Gigli goes to the morgue and cuts off a corpse's thumb, which he sends to the prosecutor as Brian's thumb.
Gigli and Ricki go back to Gigli's apartment, where Gigli confesses his love and the two sleep together.
The next morning, they are summoned to meet with the mob's boss.
Starkman reveals that he did not approve of the plan to kidnap a federal prosecutor's brother or the order to cut off Brian's thumb.
He nevertheless rages at them because the thumb they sent didn't match Brian's fingerprint and therefore not only failed to increase pressure on the prosecutor but even undermined the organization's credibility.
Starkman then kills Louis, presumably in retaliation for the kidnapping and associated scrutiny by law enforcement.
Starkman is about to kill Ricki and Gigli as well, but Ricki talks him out of it by pointing out that only they know where Brian is and only they can silence Brian and prevent him from revealing the involvement of Starkman's organization in the kidnapping or even accusing Starkman of having been personally involved.
They leave Starkman's home, decide to leave the mob, and discuss taking Brian back to where they found him.
On the way, they discover Baywatch (or a similarly themed show or film) shooting an episode on the beach.
Brian begs to be let off there and finally they consent.
Gigli convinces Ricki to take his car, but at the last minute, Ricki returns and picks up Gigli, and they leave town together.
All of the characters are transformed by the episode: Louis' mob is disrupted, Gigli has dropped his hyper-masculine façade, Ricki has a heterosexual fling with Gigli, and Brian gradually emerges from his shell, noticing other people and conversing.
During the First World War, two American soldiers become trapped in no man's land.
Expecting to die, Daingerfield Phelps III (William Boyd) decides to fulfill his fondest desire: to beat up his sergeant since training camp, Peter O'Gaffney (Louis Wolheim).
While they are brawling, the Germans sneak up and capture them.
In a German prison camp, the two become friends when Phelps takes responsibility for an unflattering caricature he drew of a guard, rather than let O'Gaffney take the blame.
The two escape, stealing the white robes of Arab prisoners to blend in with the snow.
However, they encounter (and are forced to join) a group of similarly garbed Arab prisoners being sent by train to Constantinople.
Near the end of their journey, Phelps creates a distraction, and the two men jump off, landing in a hay wagon.
When the hay is loaded onto a ship bound for Arabia, so are they.
The stowaways are discovered, but the skipper (Michael Visaroff) is satisfied when Phelps pays him their fare.
When a small boat founders nearby, Phelps jumps in to try to rescue an Arabian woman, Mirza (Mary Astor).
Both he and the woman have to be saved by O'Gaffney.
The two soldiers and the skipper vie for the veiled woman's affections.
Phelps eventually coaxes her into removing her veil, and is entranced by her beauty.
Meanwhile, the woman's escort observes this development with disapproval.
The skipper insists on being paid for Mirza's fare, but none of the three have any money left.
They hold him off as best they can.
When they reach their destination, the skipper refuses to let Mirza debark without paying, so O'Gaffney robs the purser (Boris Karloff) to get the money.
Mirza is met by Shevket Ben Ali (Ian Keith); Mirza informs Phelps that her father has arranged for her to marry Shevket.
They depart.
The Americans jump overboard when the skipper discovers what happened to his purser.
The two men head for the American consul, but leave hastily without speaking to him when they find the skipper already there lodging a complaint.
They decide to seek the assistance of Mirza's father the Emir, who turns out to be the governor of the region.
However, Mirza's escort has told him and Shevket that Phelps has seen her without her veil.
Outraged, the Emir sends his men to bring the Americans back to be executed.
Unaware of this, the two soldiers saunter into the Emir's palace.
Fortunately, Phelps reads Mirza's warning note in time, and the two escape.
When Phelps sets out to rescue Mirza, O'Gaffney shows true friendship and accompanies him.
They are trapped by Shevket and his men, but when Mirza threatens to kill herself, Shevket proposes they settle this with a duel in which only one of the pistols is loaded.
Phelps agrees and fires first; his gun is the unloaded one.
Mirza is made to leave the room.
Then Shevket reveals that both guns are empty; he did not wish to wager his life with a "dog".
He exits, leaving his men to dispose of Phelps.
The two men overcome their captors, relieve Shevket of Mirza, and ride away.
The film is set during spring break in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Texan singing waitress Kelly Taylor meets Pennsylvanian college student Justin Bell, and they fall for each other, and various romantic complications ensue.
Kelly's friend Kaya falls in love with charming busboy Carlos; Kelly's other friend, Alexa, schemes to keep Justin and Kelly from meeting; Justin's friend Brandon is always getting on the wrong side of a sexy beach patrolwoman; and Justin's other friend, Eddie, tries to hook up with a cyber-pal.
Anne Marie (Kate Bosworth), Eden (Michelle Rodriguez) and Lena (Sanoe Lake) are best friends.
They raised Anne Marie's 14-year-old sister, Penny (Mika Boorem), ever since their mother took off to Las Vegas with a boyfriend who was uncomfortable with the idea of having the two girls come along.
While Penny is at school, Anne Marie, Eden and Lena work as maids at a large resort hotel, but more importantly, they are surfers.
Anne Marie rises every morning before dawn to train for her surfing comeback, and was once considered a rising star in women's surfing and competed as a youth, but an extreme wipeout and near-drowning incident temporarily halted her career, and left her with deep-seated fears.
Her friends, especially Eden, have encouraged her to try it again.
Anne Marie has been invited to join in an upcoming surf competition at the famed North Shore surf spot, Pipeline.
She hopes to gain the attention of sponsors and get herself and her friends out of the near-poverty they are living in.
As the Pipeline competition gets closer, she struggles to keep Penny under control and deal with her own personal issues.
At work, Anne Marie meets and catches the eye of Matt Tollman (Matthew Davis), a National Football League quarterback in Hawaii for the Pro Bowl (it is hinted that he plays for the Minnesota Vikings).
Matt is there with several of his rowdy teammates and instantly becomes attracted to the surfer.
Through a series of "chance" encounters, she agrees to teach him how to surf for $150 per hour, and brings Lena, Eden and Penny along for the ride.
When she goes to Matt's hotel room to get the money, they kiss as a call comes and Anne suspects that it is his wife but he promises it is his niece.
Later they sleep together.
Her acceptance of a non-local begins to cause friction between her and many of the young men in her surfing social circle.
Anne Marie faces more problems when she and Eden argue about Anne Marie's lack of dedication to training for the Pipeline contest due to the sudden appearance of Matt.
She also has to hear demeaning comments from several of the other football players' wives and girlfriends staying at the hotel about how she is undergoing the "Matt Tollman makeover" while attending a luau at the resort.
Anne Marie confronts Matt about their situation and soon resolves to step up her game, as she finally commits herself to the Pipeline Masters.
On the day of Pipeline, Anne Marie wipes out during her first heat, but advances to the next heat after narrowly beating pro surfer Kate Skarratt.
She is shaken, but Matt tells her a story about his first game as an NFL quarterback and helps her regain her wavering confidence.
Determined, but still afraid, Anne Marie returns to the water.
Competing in the same heat is Keala Kennelly, one of the first professional female surfers, playing herself.
While Keala surfs the first few sets of waves without wipe-outs, Anne Marie still has inhibitions about riding one, visions of another near-drowning incident holding her back.
Keala finishes her turn, then paddles out and takes Anne Marie under her wing and encourages her to take the best wave of the day, on which Anne Marie manages to score perfectly.
Although she does not advance to the next heat, she has regained her lost confidence, but also attracted the notice of sponsors, one of which includes an offer to join the Billabong women's surf team.
Three damned souls, Joseph Garcin, Inès Serrano, and Estelle Rigault, are brought to the same room in Hell and locked inside by a mysterious valet.
They had all expected torture devices to punish them for eternity, but instead find a plain room furnished in the style of the Second French Empire.
At first, none of them will admit the reason for their damnation: Joseph says that he was executed for being a pacifist, while Estelle insists that a mistake has been made; Inès, however, is the only one to demand that they all stop lying to themselves and confess to their moral crimes.
She refuses to believe that they have all ended up in the room by accident and soon realizes that they have been placed together to make each other miserable; she deduces that they are to be one another's torturers.
Joseph suggests that they try to leave each other alone and to be silent, but Inès starts to sing about an execution and Estelle vainly wants to find a mirror to check on her appearance.
Inès tries to seduce Estelle by offering to be her "mirror" by telling her everything she sees, but ends up frightening her instead.
It is soon clear that Inès is attracted to Estelle, Estelle is attracted to Joseph, and Joseph is not attracted to either of the two women.
After arguing, they decide to confess to their crimes so they know what to expect from each other.
Joseph cheated on and mistreated his wife; Inès seduced her cousin's wife while living with them; and Estelle had an affair and then killed the resulting child, prompting the child's father to commit suicide.
Despite their revelations, they continue to get on each other's nerves.
Joseph finally begins giving in to the lascivious Estelle's escalating attempts to seduce him, which drives Inès crazy.
Joseph is constantly interrupted by his own guilt, however, and begs Estelle to tell him he is not a coward for attempting to flee his country during wartime.
While she complies, Inès tells him that Estelle is just feigning attraction to him so that she can be with a man – any man.
This causes Joseph to abruptly attempt an escape.
After his trying to open the door repeatedly, it inexplicably and suddenly opens, but he is unable to bring himself to leave, and the others remain as well.
He says that he will not be saved until he can convince Inès to trust in him.
She refuses, saying that he is obviously a coward, and promising to make him miserable forever.
Joseph concludes that rather than torture devices or physical punishment, "hell is other people".
Estelle tries to persevere in her seduction of Joseph, but he says that he cannot make love while Inès is watching.
Estelle, infuriated, picks up a paper knife and repeatedly stabs Inès.
As they are all already dead, this attack does nothing and Inès even halfheartedly stabs herself, beginning to laugh.
As Estelle comments on the idea of their being trapped here forever and laughs too, all three join in a prolonged fit of laughter before Joseph finally concludes, "Eh bien, continuons" (roughly "Eh well, let's continue.
".
).
Johnny Van Owen is a rapper who drifts from city to city.
Johnny is performing at a nightclub, rapping and dancing with his crew and a club background songstress playing "Cool as Ice (Everybody Get Loose)".
While the group passes through a small town, Johnny falls for honor student Kathy Winslow.
The crew is stranded in the town after a member's motorcycle breaks down and has to be left at a local repair shop.
While waiting for repairs, Johnny uses the opportunity to see Kathy.
She already has a boyfriend named Nick, whom he advises Kathy to dump.
Johnny shows up with his crew at a local club frequented by Kathy and her friends.
Noticing that no one was enjoying the live music playing at the club, Johnny and the crew decide to perform a musical number, "People's Choice", by unplugging the other band's instruments and taking control, shocking the audience and ending with Johnny sweeping Kathy off her feet, humiliating Nick.
He offers to forgive Kathy and take her home, but she refuses and walks home by herself.
Unbeknownst to Kathy, she is stalked by two strange men in a car.
She is saved by Johnny, who takes her home.
At the club's parking lot, a jealous Nick and his friends smash up motorcycles belonging to Johnny's friends.
Nick's friends attack the rapping biker who fights back, leaving Nick and his buddies unconscious and Nick himself in the hospital with a broken nose.
Kathy's father, Gordon, becomes suspicious of Johnny, and warns Kathy to stay away from him because they can't trust strangers.
The next day, Kathy goes for a ride with Johnny against her father's wishes.
They ride all over town, including a construction site.
When they finally return home, they are greeted by an angry Gordon, who coldly warns Johnny to stay away from his daughter.
Gordon, under pressure from his wife Grace, reveals to Kathy the secret of his past—he was once a police officer.
They were on the run from two corrupt cops and were able to escape using fabricated documents, explaining why he kept his life a secret from Kathy all these years.
Kathy criticizes her father, saying it was not fair that he lied to her in order to protect her, yet refuse to permit her to see a total stranger.
The next day, Johnny agrees to give Tommy a ride on his bike.
They cruise through the streets, and finally back to the Winslow home where Tommy is kidnapped.
At the repair shop, the crew prepares to leave town since the bike has been repaired, but they tell Johnny to say goodbye to Kathy.
When Johnny arrives at the Winslow house, he finds an envelope meant for the family.
It turns out to be a message from the crooked cops with Tommy recording it.
Fearing the worst, Gordon accuses Johnny of criminal involvement, much to Kathy's dismay.
When Kathy asks Johnny to play the tape left behind by the kidnappers, he hears a loud clanging noise from a construction vehicle, revealing the message was recorded at the construction site.
The gang ambushes the kidnappers and rescue Tommy.
When the police arrive, the gang return Tommy to the Winslows, and Gordon apologizes to Johnny.
The rapper tells Kathy he has to move on, but she decides to follow him.
Nick arrives in his car, telling Kathy to get used to being a biker chick because she will never see him again.
Kathy holds on as Johnny uses the car as a ramp and the two new lovers ride off into the big city.
The film ends with Johnny reaching his destination, rapping "Get Wit It" and dancing with his crew to an audience at a night club.
Kathy joins him on stage after the show is over, dancing alone in the spotlight.
Andy Taylor (Andy Griffith), now living in Cleveland as a US Postal Inspector, returns to his native Mayberry to see his son Opie (Ron Howard) become a first-time father, and also to run in the soon-to-be held sheriff's election, as he has already asked county clerk Howard Sprague (Jack Dodson) to prepare the paperwork.
But when Andy learns that his old deputy Barney Fife (Don Knotts), now back in Mayberry working as acting sheriff, announced his own candidacy while Andy was on the road back to town he quietly tells Opie, "I won't run against Barney".
Andy goes to visit Barney at the sheriff's office.
Barney tells Andy that he decided to run for sheriff because nobody else would, and then his opponent Ben Woods decided to run shortly afterward.
Andy then mentions that Barney's old girlfriend Thelma Lou, newly divorced after less than two years, is back in Mayberry staying with her sister; Barney nonchalantly says he'll eventually go and see her.
As Barney leaves to teach a safety class at school, they're accosted by Ernest Bass standing on the base of the town flagpole, and who gives them a cryptic rhyme: "Your hair was brown but now it's gray; make that monster go away".
The "monster" is revealed to be an elaborate publicity stunt orchestrated by young businessman Wally Butler (Richard Lineback), who bought an oriental restaurant outside of town and added a hotel.
Butler found some old dragon artifacts, presumably left by the restaurant's former owners, and hired Ernest to perpetuate a hoax at Myer's Lake to attract customers by stealing some neighbors' chickens and dogs to make people think they were eaten by the monster.
Andy goes to the cemetery to visit Aunt Bee's grave, and finds Thelma Lou there visiting her uncle's gravesite.
Thelma Lou laments about Barney's not calling, but she follows Andy to the school where Barney, in clown makeup, is playacting for a classroom of students.
Though embarrassed by his appearance, Barney accepts an invitation to dine with Thelma Lou at her sister's house.
Andy ducks out while the two are reacquainting and drives over to the house where Opie and his wife Eunice live just as she is about to go into labor.
In a panic, Opie accidentally crashes his car into a tree, and Andy volunteers his car to take them to the hospital.
On the way, Andy's engine begins to falter, and they only make it as far as Gomer and Goober's garage before Eunice gives birth to a boy.
Shortly afterward, Barney pulls up, already irritated by the fact that no one told him about the birth, which happened all too fast, but his anger is exacerbated when Gomer (Jim Nabors) and Goober (George Lindsey) mistakenly refer to Andy as "sheriff".
Later that night, he visits Andy to apologize for how he acted, saying he also felt "left out" of being part of seeing Opie become a father.
The next day, Gomer and Goober are out fishing at Myer's Lake when Gomer sees a monster sticking its head up out of the water.
Andy and Barney arrive shortly afterward, but Barney doesn't believe Gomer's story until he sees what looks like monster tracks in the mud (made by Ernest wearing specially made galoshes).
When Gomer later shows Barney a picture he took of Goober with something unidentifiable in the background, Barney becomes convinced there's a monster in the lake.
Wally Butler later invites Barney to his new inn, secretly gives him a contribution check for his campaign, and invites him in to talk to a TV news reporter about his discovery.
Andy's wife Helen follows Andy back to Mayberry and only then finds out that Andy has opted out of the sheriff's race, and Opie receives a highly lucrative job offer from a newspaper in Binghamton, New York.
With Barney's opponent Woods now running an aggressive campaign to discredit Barney, Howard and Opie try to convince Andy to re-enter the race, saying that Barney doesn't stand a chance.
Meanwhile, former town drunk Otis Campbell (Hal Smith), now long sober and driving an ice cream truck, is serving customers near Myers Lake when he sees the "monster" pop out of the lake.
Otis quickly races to the courthouse to tell Barney.
Despite Andy's pleading with Barney to drop the hunt because people were laughing at him, Otis' report convinces Barney to resume the hunt.
Later, when Andy and Barney take Helen and Thelma Lou out to dinner at Butler's Inn, Andy notices some old pictures of the restaurant when it was still oriental.
Noticing a particular picture with a dragon's head in it (and remembering Ernest's rhyme), Andy is inspired to do some investigating of his own: He drives up to the hills and visits the Darlings' homestead, where Ernest hangs out.
Briscoe Darling (Denver Pyle) and his daughter Charlene (Maggie Peterson) are delighted to see Andy, but Ernest nervously and repeatedly asks Andy to leave.
After sitting in with the Darlings to play a song, Andy manipulates Ernest into telling him when the monster will show up in Myer's Lake again.
The next day, Helen and Thelma Lou are having lunch at Butler's Inn.
When Helen mentions Andy and Barney are both up at Myer's Lake intent on trapping the "monster", Butler excuses himself and hurriedly drives off to the lake.
At the lake, Barney clumsily baits a trap (involving a frozen chicken tied to the end of a rope) while Andy spots Ernest going into a nearby stone quarry shed.
Butler arrives at the shed to futilely get Ernest to reel the monster back in, but Andy catches both of them in the act.
Barney and Howard follow Andy to the shed, and Andy makes it look like Barney plotted to make Butler overconfident and force his hand.
Howard takes pictures of Barney with the dragon's head for the newspaper, and Andy tells Butler about the legal consequences of his actions, but suggests that Ernest return the stolen chickens and dogs, and then implores Butler to try honesty with his next business venture, saying "It works better".
Later, at a victory rally for Sheriff Fife, when Barney learns that Andy opted out of the sheriff's race to give Barney a better chance to win, he humbly asks the crowd to vote for Andy as a write-in candidate because "That's exactly what I'm gonna do".
Andy is eventually elected the "new" sheriff, Opie accepts the newspaper job in Binghamton, and Barney and Thelma Lou finally get married, with Ernest and the Darlings joining in the celebration.
The final shot (seen behind the end credits) is of Sheriff Taylor and Deputy Fife folding up an American flag at the end of the day on Mayberry's Main Street.
The young woman Charity Hope Valentine is a taxi dancer at a dance hall called the Fandango Ballroom in New York City.
With a shoulder bag and a heart tattooed on her left shoulder, Charity meets her boyfriend Charlie in Central Park.
While Charlie silently preens himself, Charity speaks the pick-up lines she imagines him saying, and tells him how handsome he is ("You Should See Yourself").
Charlie then steals her handbag and pushes her into the lake (usually the orchestra pit) before running off.
Passers-by discuss the apparent drowning but do nothing, until a young Spaniard finally rescues her.
In the Hostess Room of the Fandango Ballroom, Charity tries to convince both herself and the other skeptical taxi dancers that Charlie tried to save her.
Nickie, a fellow dancer, tells Charity that her problem is "you run your heart like a hotel — you've always got people checking in and checking out".
The manager, Herman, arrives to tell them it is time for work.
The hostess dancers proposition the audience in the front room of the Fandango Ballroom ("Big Spender").
Helene and Nickie try to comfort Charity about Charlie's absence ("Charity's Soliloquy").
On the street, after work, Charity gives to every beggar who approaches her until she realizes she has no money.
Just then, film star Vittorio Vidal rushes out of the smart Pompeii Club, in pursuit of his beautiful mistress, Ursula.
Ursula refuses to go back inside with Vittorio, who promptly takes the only-too-willing Charity instead.
Inside the Pompeii Club, the dancers are dancing the latest craze, The Rich Man's Frug.
To everyone's astonishment, the famous Vittorio is accompanied by the unknown Charity.
She tries to steer him away from the subject of Ursula.
Finally, he wants to dance.
Not having eaten since breakfast, Charity faints.
There is general agreement amongst the dancers that she needs to be "laid down".
Vittorio asks "where.
", and Charity recovers enough to prompt Vittorio with "your apartment.
".
Lying down on Vittorio's bed, Charity claims she is no longer hungry.
She admits she is a dance hall hostess, putting it down to "the fickle finger of fate" (a favorite expression of hers).
Vittorio is struck by her humor and honesty.
Starstruck, Charity asks for a signed photograph to prove to the girls she was really in his apartment.
While Vittorio fetches props from his old movies for further evidence, Charity remarks on her good fortune ("If My Friends Could See Me Now").
Ursula arrives to apologize for her jealousy; Charity is swiftly bundled into a closet before Vittorio opens the door to Ursula.
("Too Many Tomorrows") While Charity watches from the closet, Vittorio and Ursula make love inside his four-poster bed.
The following morning, Charity is escorted from the room by a mortified Vittorio.
In the Hostess Room, the girls are disappointed that Charity failed to get more out of Vittorio.
Nickie announces she is not going to remain at this job for the rest of her life, prompting the girls to speculate on alternative careers ("There's Gotta Be Something Better Than This"), but Herman brings them back down to earth.
Charity decides to seek some cultural enlightenment from the YMHA on 92nd Street, where she gets stuck in a broken elevator with shy tax accountant Oscar Lindquist.
While trying to calm him down, Charity learns that he is not married.
She declares, "Oh Oscar.
You're gonna be all right".
After helping Oscar overcome his claustrophobia ("I'm the Bravest Individual"), the pair are plunged into new panic when the lights stop working.
After being trapped in a broken elevator, Oscar and Charity are finally rescued when it starts working again.
Oscar invites Charity to go to church with him, to which she hesitantly agrees.
As they walk under the Manhattan Bridge to the church, the faint cries of the next person to be stuck in the elevator are heard.
The Rhythm of Life Church turns out to be a thin veneer on hippie culture ("The Rhythm of Life").
A police raid breaks up the meeting.
Traveling home on the subway, Oscar proposes another date and tries to guess Charity's job, deciding that she works in a bank.
Charity lies, saying she works for First National City, Williamsburg Branch.
As they part, Oscar kisses her hand, and dubs her Sweet Charity ("Sweet Charity").
After two weeks, Oscar and Charity have continued dating, and she still has not confessed what she actually does for a living.
At Coney Island Amusement Park they become trapped again when the Parachute Jump ride breaks.
This time, Oscar is the calm one while Charity is scared — scared that she is starting to depend on him.
Once again, Charity loses her nerve about telling him what her real job is.
As the crowd look on, the couple kiss.
On a slow night at the Fandango, Charity loses the opportunity to snare one of the few customers by a new co-worker, Rosie.
Disgusted by the whole business, she quits.
However, in Times Square, she wonders what the alternative is ("Where Am I Going.
").
Sending a telegram to Oscar, she asks to meet him at Barney's Chile Hacienda.
She admits that she is a dance hall hostess; he admits he already knows, having followed her one night and watched her dancing.
He says he does not care and wants to marry her.
Relieved and elated, Charity leaves ("I'm A Brass Band") and packs a suitcase on which is printed 'Almost Married'.
After a farewell party at the Ballroom ("I Love to Cry at Weddings"), Charity and Oscar walk in the park, whereupon Oscar announces that he cannot go through with the wedding, saying he is unable to stop thinking about the "other men".
Eventually, he pushes her into the lake and runs off.
Emerging from the lake, Charity, speaking directly to the audience, asks "Did you ever have one of those days.
".
Realizing that unlike Charlie, Oscar has not stolen her bag, she shrugs and reprises her opening dance.
The stage blacks out onto three neon signs, reading "And so she lived … hopefully … ever after".
A willful, disorganized teenage girl, Annabel Andrews, awakens one Friday morning to find herself in the body of her mother, with whom she had argued the previous night.
Suddenly in charge of taking care of the New York family's affairs and her younger brother Ben (whom Annabel has not-so-affectionately nicknamed "Ape Face" and said "He's so neat, it's revolting.
"), and growing increasingly worried about the disappearance of "Annabel", who appeared to be herself in the morning but has gone missing after leaving the Andrews' home, she enlists the help of her neighbor and childhood friend, Boris, though without telling him about her identity crisis.
As the day wears on and Annabel has a series of increasingly bizarre and frustrating adventures, she becomes gradually more appreciative of how difficult her mother's life is, and learns, to her surprise, that Ben idolizes her, and Boris is actually named Morris, but has a problem with chronic congestion (at least around Annabel) leading him to nasally pronounce ms and ns as bs and ds.
The novel races towards its climax and Ben also disappears, apparently having gone off with a pretty girl whom Boris did not recognize, but Ben appeared to trust without hesitation.
In the climax and dénouement, Annabel becomes overwhelmed by the difficulties of her situation, apparent disappearance of her mother, loss of the children, and the question of how her odd situation came about and when/whether it will be resolved.
Finally, it is revealed that Annabel's mother herself caused them to switch bodies through some unspecified means, and the mysterious girl who took Ben was mrs Andrews in Annabel's body (to which she is restored) made much more attractive by a makeover mrs Andrews gave the body while using it, including the removal of Annabel's braces, an appointment Annabel had forgotten about (and would have missed, had she been the one in her body that day).
The book (and especially the film adaptations and its second sequel, Summer Switch) might be considered a modern retelling of Vice Versa, the 1882 novel by Anstey, in which the protagonists are a father and son.
In Paris in 1910, mother cat Duchess and her three kittens, Marie, Berlioz, and Toulouse, live with retired opera diva Madame Adelaide Bonfamille, and her English butler, Edgar.
One day while preparing her will with lawyer Georges Hautecourt, Madame declares her fortune to be left to her cats until their deaths, and thereafter to Edgar.
Edgar hears this through a speaking tube, and plots to eliminate the cats.
Therefore, he drugs the cats by sleeping pills in their food, and enters the countryside to abandon them.
There, he is ambushed by two hounds, named Napoleon and Lafayette, and the cats are stranded in the countryside, while Madame Adelaide, Roquefort the mouse, and Frou-Frou the horse discover their absence.
In the morning, Duchess meets an alley cat named Thomas O'Malley, who offers to guide her and the kittens to Paris.
The group briefly hitchhikes in a milk truck before being chased off by the driver.
Later, while crossing a railroad trestle, the cats narrowly avoid an oncoming train, but Marie falls into a river and is saved by O'Malley, who in turn has to be rescued himself by two English geese, Amelia and Abigail Gabble, who accompany the cats to Paris.
Edgar returns to the country to retrieve his possessions from Napoleon and Lafayette, as the only evidence that could incriminate him.
Travelling across the rooftops of the city, the cats meet O'Malley's friend Scat Cat and his musicians, who perform the song Ev'rybody Wants to Be a Cat.
After the band has departed, O'Malley and Duchess converse on a nearby rooftop while the kittens listen at a windowsill.
Here, Duchess's loyalty to Madame prompts her to decline O'Malley's proposal of marriage.
Duchess and the kittens return to Madame's mansion, but Edgar places them in a sack and prepares to ship them to Timbuktu; whereupon they direct Roquefort to retrieve O'Malley.
He does so, and O'Malley returns to the mansion, instructing Roquefort to locate Scat Cat and his gang.
This done, the alley cats and Frou-Frou fight Edgar, while Roquefort frees Duchess and the kittens.
At the end of the fight, Edgar is locked in his own packing-case and sent to Timbuktu himself.
Madame Adelaide's will is rewritten to exclude Edgar, with Madame remaining ignorant of the reason for Edgar’s departure.
After adopting O’Malley into the family, Madame establishes a charity foundation housing Paris's stray cats (represented by Scat Cat and his band, who reprise their song).
MacDonald begins her book with a summary description of her childhood and family.
Her father was an engineer, and moved frequently with his family throughout the West.
Her mother's theory that a wife must support her husband in his career comes into play when the author marries a friend of her brother ("Bob") who soon admits that his dream is to leave his current office job and start a chicken ranch.
Knowing nothing about ranching, but eager to support her husband, the author encourages the dream but is unprepared for the primitive conditions that exist on the ranch he purchases.
From this "set up" the book turns to anecdotal stories that rely upon the proverbial "fish out of water" tales that pit MacDonald against her situation and her surroundings, such as the struggle to keep up with the need for water, which needs to be hand carried from a pond to the house until a tank is installed or keeping a fire going in "Stove" or the constant care that chicks need.
At one point a guest expresses envy of MacDonald and her husband, as she thinks they live a life full of fresh air and beautiful scenery, which is then followed by MacDonald pointing out that while the guest had lounged in bed that morning, she and her husband had been up before sunrise working for several hours, and then again the couple had stayed up long into the night after the guest had gone to bed.
Four friends who recently graduated from college live together in Houston, Texas.
Coffee-house guitarist Troy Dyer and budding filmmaker Lelaina Pierce are attracted to each other, although they have not acted on their feelings except for one brief, drunken encounter.
Troy is floundering, having lost several minimum wage jobs—the last of which he loses early in the film for stealing a candy bar from his employer.
Lelaina was valedictorian of her university, and has aspirations to become a documentarian, although initially having to settle for a position as production assistant to a rude and obnoxious TV host.
Lelaina meets Michael Grates when she throws a cigarette into his convertible, causing him to crash into her car.
The two soon begin to date.
He works at an MTV-like cable channel called "In Your Face" as an executive, and after learning about a documentary she's been working on, wants to get it aired on his network.
Lelaina's roommate Vickie has a series of one-night stands and short relationships with dozens of guys; her promiscuity leads her to confront a very-real risk of contracting HIV after a former fling tests positive for the virus.
Vickie works as a sales associate for The Gap, and is later promoted to manager and seems content with her new job.
Her friend Sammy Gray is gay; he remains celibate, not because of a fear of AIDS, but because forming a relationship would force him to come out to his conservative parents.
After an impulsive act of retribution, Lelaina loses her job, which causes some tension with her roommates.
Eventually, Vickie's AIDS test comes back negative and Sammy comes out to his parents (and he even starts dating) and the two manage to resume their lives.
Meanwhile, Lelaina's relationship with Michael dissolves after he helps her sell the documentary to his network, only to let them edit it into a stylized montage that she feels compromises her artistic vision.
Lelaina and Troy then sleep together and confess their love.
The morning after, he avoids her, and after a messy confrontation, leaves town.
After Troy's father dies, he forces himself to reevaluate his life, deciding to attempt a relationship with Lelaina.
Troy and Lelaina reunite and make amends after Troy returns from his father's funeral in Chicago.
While we do not see what happens to Michael, during the credits there is an abrupt break where two characters, "Laina" and "Roy", who are obvious parodies of Lelaina and Troy, have an argument about their relationship.
As the "show's" credits roll, Michael's name is revealed as the producer, implying that he has turned the failed relationship into the subject of a new show on his network.
All Over the Guy is about Eli (Dan Bucatinsky) and Tom (Richard Ruccolo).
The film is told mostly in flashback, with Eli recounting his side to Esther (Doris Roberts), an HIV clinic worker as he waits for test results and Tom to a guy he meets at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting.
Tom is the son of emotionally distant alcoholic WASP parents who never quite accepted his sexual orientation and as a result is a heavy drinker himself and has a penchant for random hookups with different men.
Eli's parents are both Jewish psychiatrists who raised him to be emotionally open but ended up making him neurotic.
Tom and Eli are set up on a blind date by their best friends, Jackie (Sasha Alexander) and Brett (Adam Goldberg), who think they would be a perfect match.
They're both looking for 'The One', but don't recognize it when they find it.
On the date, a boring evening is broken up only by an amusing diatribe by Tom against the movie In & Out.
A few days later they run into each other at a flea market and hit it off, winding up back at Eli's place where Tom spends the night.
The next morning Tom says that it was a mistake.
Jackie and Brett decide to try again to set them up, and the two men start to develop a relationship.
Tom's fear of becoming emotionally close coupled with Eli's own insecurities makes it difficult for them to maintain, but Jackie and Brett get engaged which forces Tom and Eli together.
They disguise their unease behind petty arguments over meaningless details of grammar and pronunciation but are finally able to push past the pettiness and make love.
Eli tells Tom he loves him and Tom, terrified, lashes out at him the next day and drives him away.
The flashbacks end here on the day of Brett and Jackie's wedding.
Esther tries to teach Eli to be more understanding of Tom's emotional needs.
The AA member tries to sexually assault Tom, and when he tells Jackie she upbraids him for throwing Eli away for daring to fall for him.
At the reception, Eli and Tom come to realize that they have to overcome their families' dysfunction and their own fears.
A socially awkward, fat, naïve "ugly duckling", who is obsessed with the music of ABBA, Muriel Heslop (Toni Collette) is the target of ridicule by the more fashion-conscious girls she considers her friends.
She also is a perpetual daydreamer who yearns for a glamorous wedding and marriage to a man who will help get her out of the fictional dead-end seaside tourist town of Porpoise Spit, Queensland, improve her personal life, and free her from a tedious life dominated by her demanding and often psychologically abusive father Bill (Bill Hunter), a corrupt politician who verbally lashes out at his weak and subservient wife Betty and their unambitious children at every opportunity.
Her former friends Tania, Nicole and Janine shun Muriel because they see her as a directionless no-hoper, as well as due to embarrassment over her past awkward antics.
They proceed to continue planning a holiday to Hibiscus Island, without her.
While at dinner with some property developers, Heslop runs into her father's mistress, Deidre Chambers, who has done well in a cosmetics pyramid marketing scheme and she recruits Muriel.
The following day Muriel's mother writes a blank check to cash intending for the money to let Muriel buy into the scheme.
Instead, Muriel uses the blank check to defraud her parents, draining their bank account of $12,000, which she uses to go follow her former friends to Hibiscus Island.
While on the Island, Muriel's former friends confront her over her stalking, requesting that she leave them alone.
Later in the evening, Muriel runs into Rhonda Epinstock (Rachel Griffiths), a fellow social outcast from her high school days who is also more outgoing.
Rhonda confronts Muriel's former social-group who also bullied her in high-school.
As Rhonda and Muriel catch up, Muriel invents a grandiose fantasy of a fiancé.
At the end of her holiday, Muriel returns home only to be confronted by her mother over the fraud.
Muriel immediately leaves the house and moves to Sydney where she shares a flat with Rhonda and changes her name to 'Mariel'.
Several months later on a typical night, Rhonda and Mariel go to a nightclub.
Rhonda meets two American sailors while Muriel takes a nice man, Brice Nobes, she met at her minimum wage job in a local video store.
Later, while engaged in foreplay, Muriel and her companion break a window.
The sailors that were in Rhonda's bedroom go out to investigate and assume that Muriel's companion is attempting to rape her.
It is during this episode that Rhonda falls down, apparently paralyzed.
While waiting overnight in the emergency room in Sydney, Muriel calls her family home where she learns that the Australian Federal Police are investigating her father for corruption.
Rhonda discovers she has a malignant tumour pressing on her spine and requires urgent surgery.
Muriel then co-opts Rhonda's health crisis as the basis of a deception to obtain a free photo shoot from a bridal shop.
During one of Rhonda's rehab sessions, Muriel promises that she will take care of Rhonda and that they will never need to return to their hometown.
Rhonda discovers that Muriel has tried on every wedding dress in Sydney and confronts her, forcing Muriel to confess the depth of her deception.
Rhonda's cancer returns, necessitating more severe surgery and leaving her permanently paralyzed.
Desperate to get married, Muriel enters into a conspiracy to commit visa fraud marrying South African swimmer David Van Arkle so that he can stay in Australia and compete in the upcoming Olympics.
Muriel agrees to marry David for $10,000 hoping to pay her father off.
At Muriel's elaborate wedding, her former friend group serve as the bridesmaids, while Rhonda bound to her wheelchair is relegated to being a guest.
Muriel had asked Rhonda to be a bridesmaid but Rhonda turned her down.
Muriel's father is accompanied by his mistress and Muriel's mother arrives late to the wedding, missing the actual ceremony.
Muriel doesn't notice her mother at the back of the church and just walks past.
Rhonda moves back to Porpoise Spit with her mother as she can no longer live in Sydney without any help, as Muriel moves in with her new husband.
After the ceremony, Muriel and David return to David's apartment and he gives her a perfunctory tour of place.
After showing Muriel to her bedroom, David makes his contempt for Muriel known asking "what kind of person marries someone they don't know.
" to which she replies "you did".
His face shows contempt when she says that she too wants to win.
Realizing that their relationship will always be platonic, Muriel sits on her bed and contemplates the view.
Meanwhile, back in Porpoise Spit, Muriel's distraught mother accidentally shop-lifts a pair of sandals from a supermarket.
Bill arranges with the police for the charges to disappear and takes Muriel's mother home where he announces his intention to divorce Betty and marry his mistress, Deidre Chambers.
Betty sets the backyard on fire, then commits suicide by taking sleeping pills.
Realising that Betty lived only for her family and that her constant marginalization and being married to a man that didn't really love her broke Betty's will to live, Muriel breaks down and realizes that all the frauds, falsehoods and lies only lead to pain.
David comforts Muriel and they finally consummate their marriage.
Muriel realizes that she can move beyond her family-of-origin issues, that her actions have consequences and that her choices matter.
The next morning Muriel asks David, who has decided that he likes having her around, for a divorce.
However, she leaves him at the hotel wishing him good luck in the games.
Bill asks Muriel to stay and help raise the kids; she refuses and returns to Sydney.
She repays $5,000 of the $12,000 she stole, saying that she will repay the rest when she gets a job back in Sydney.
She also states that she will no longer put up with his rude and emotionally abusive treatment of her and her siblings.
Although a little taken aback by her new more assertive personality at first, he nonetheless respects her decision and gives her his blessing to move back to Sydney.
Muriel visits Rhonda at her mother's house and offers to take her back Sydney.
Rhonda accepts who in turn tells off Muriel's former friends.
When one of them tries to make an insulting comeback Muriel and Rhonda just laugh it off as Muriel with her more confident attitude no longer cares about what they think of her.
They take a taxi cab to the airport and along the way they say goodbye to various Porpoise Spit "attractions" (such as the shopping mall, the beach, the tourists, and the condos) and ride off to a more promising future.
Hal Larson (Jack Black) is a superficial man whose fixation on the physical beauty of women gets in the way of seeing their inner beauty.
Hal and his equally shallow friend, Mauricio Wilson (Jason Alexander), spend their nights obnoxiously hitting on beautiful women at nightclubs.
Hal's work life is steady, but he is dismayed after being passed over for a long-sought promotion.
Hal becomes trapped in an elevator with famous American life coach Tony Robbins.
While waiting for the elevator to be repaired, Robbins sympathizes with Hal's disappointment but tries to figure out his ideas about women.
He hypnotizes Hal into only seeing a person's inner beauty.
Hal does not realize he's been hypnotized and later meets Rosemary (Gwyneth Paltrow), daughter of the president of the company where he is employed.
Rosemary is morbidly obese, but Hal sees a slender and beautiful trophy blonde.
He is immediately smitten by her.
His boss is not certain about Hal dating his daughter, thinking that Hal may be trying to climb to the top of the corporate ladder.
Used to being overlooked due to her appearance, Rosemary initially interprets Hal’s interest as mocking, but begins to realize his feelings for her are sincere.
After apologizing to him, they begin to date, which includes a bike ride with Walt (Rene Kirby).
Mauricio, worried about Hal's new taste in women, convinces Robbins to give him the trigger phrase to undo the hypnosis.
Mauricio phones Hal, who is on a date with Rosemary, and says the trigger phrase, which serves to break Hal's hypnosis.
Mauricio confesses to Hal the truth about Robbins' hypnotherapy, but Hal does not believe until he runs into a woman who initially appeared beautiful to him but whom Hal now sees in her true, unattractive state.
Hal begins to avoid Rosemary, who becomes melancholic without him around.
Distraught that he was not seeing the "real" Rosemary, Hal accepts a dinner invitation from his neighbor, Jill.
The two dine together and Jill tells Hal that she has observed him overcoming his shallow nature and is interested in dating him now.
Hal realizes his true feelings for Rosemary who has, coincidentally, arrived at the same restaurant with her family and sees Hal and Jill seated together.
Assuming the worst, Rosemary leaves in tears.
Not recognizing Rosemary, Hal walks right by her on his way to the pay phone to, ironically, reassure her of his feelings, after refusing to date Jill because of his feelings for Rosemary.
Confused and distraught, Rosemary calls Hal a "psycho" over the phone and effectively breaks up with him.
Five days later Steve informs Hal that Rosemary’s Peace Corps partner, Ralph, wants to be in a relationship with her again.
Hal attempts to find Rosemary, but instead encounters a young patient named Cadence at the hospital where Rosemary volunteers.
Previously, due to Robbins’ hypnosis, Hal saw Cadence as a perfect little girl; he now sees that there are severe burns all over Cadence’s face.
Inspired by Cadence, Hal changes his views on the outer appearances of people in general.
Rosemary decides to leave the country to rejoin the Peace Corps.
Hal, during his search for Rosemary, finds that Mauricio had his own reason for stopping Hal's hypnosis: He has a vestigial tail, which has prevented him from ever getting close to a woman.
Mauricio confesses he was jealous of Hal's happiness and is afraid to start a relationship with a woman.
Hal convinces Mauricio to accept his abnormality, with confidence.
Hal makes up with Mauricio and decides to reconcile with Rosemary.
He heads to the Peace Corps and confronts Ralph, believing he and Rosemary got back together.
Ralph informs Hal that Rosemary's mother forbade him from seeing her again.
Hal arrives at the home of Rosemary's parents, where a bon voyage party for Rosemary is underway.
Rosemary initially rebuffs Hal's presence, but then accepts his apology when Hal professes his love for her.
Rosemary informs Hal she is still leaving on her Peace Corps mission.
Hal says he is coming, too, having just been sworn into the Peace Corps right before arriving to the Shanahan's home.
Hal and Rosemary reconcile, cheered by the crowd as they kiss.
He tries to carry her bridal-style to the car, but finds he can’t lift her, so she carries him instead.
As they drive off, Mauricio meets a woman who loves dogs and the two walk off together as he wags his "tail".
The film begins with a voiceover from David (Hugh Grant) commenting that whenever he gets gloomy about the state of the world he thinks about the arrivals terminal at Heathrow Airport, and the pure uncomplicated love felt as friends and families welcome their arriving loved ones.
David's voiceover also relates that all the messages left by the people who died on the 9/11 planes were messages of love and not hate.
The film then tells the 'love stories' of many people: With the help of his longtime manager Joe (Gregor Fisher), rock and roll legend Billy Mack (Bill Nighy) records a Christmas variation of The Troggs' classic hit "Love Is All Around".
Although he thinks the record is terrible, Mack promotes the release in the hope it will become the Christmas number one single.
The song does reach number one; after briefly celebrating his victory at a party hosted by Sir Elton John, Billy discerns that Joe is in need of affection and suggests that he and Joe celebrate Christmas by getting drunk and watching porn.
Juliet (Keira Knightley) and Peter (Chiwetel Ejiofor) get married in a lovely ceremony orchestrated and videotaped by Mark (Andrew Lincoln), the best man.
Both Juliet and Peter believe that Mark dislikes her; he is in fact in love with her, and behaves coldly to her to avoid revealing how he really feels.
One day, Juliet comes to see Mark and says she wants them to be friends.
He then shows her the wedding video, which is full of adoring closeups of her.
After an uncomfortable silence, Mark blurts out that he snubs her out of "self-preservation".
On Christmas Eve, the doorbell rings at Juliet and Peter's house.
She runs down and opens the door, only to find Mark, carrying a boom box playing Christmas songs and large cue cards on which he has written that he loves her, but is willing to step aside so she can be happy.
As he walks away, Juliet runs after him to give him a quick, innocent kiss and runs back inside.
Writer Jamie (Colin Firth) is pushed to Juliet and Peter's wedding by his girlfriend (Sienna Guillory) as she feigns illness.
He returns between the ceremony and the reception to check on her, and discovers that she is having an affair with his brother.
Crushed, Jamie withdraws to his French cottage where he meets Portuguese housekeeper Aurélia (Lúcia Moniz), who does not speak English.
Despite their inability to communicate, they become attracted to each other.
When Jamie returns to England, he realises he is in love with Aurélia and begins learning Portuguese.
He returns to France to find her and ends up walking through town, gathering people as they walk to her job at a restaurant.
In his broken Portuguese he declares his love for her and proposes.
She says yes in broken English as the crowd erupts in applause.
Harry (Alan Rickman) is the managing director of a design agency; Mia (Heike Makatsch) is his new secretary.
Harry is comfortably married to his wife, Karen (Emma Thompson), who stays home to raise their children.
Harry becomes increasingly aroused by Mia's overtly sexual behavior at the office and does nothing to dissuade her.
At the company Christmas party held at Mark's gallery, he not only inquires if Mark is her boyfriend, but dances closely with her.
While at the shops, he calls Mia to find out what she wants for Christmas and ends up almost caught by his wife purchasing an expensive necklace from the jewellery department thanks to the salesman Rufus (Rowan Atkinson).
Later on, Karen discovers the necklace in Harry's coat pocket and happily assumes it is a gift for her.
When he hands her a similarly shaped box to open on Christmas Eve, she is heartbroken to find it is a Joni Mitchell CD, meaning that the necklace was for someone else.
She confronts Harry asks him what he would do if he was her.
Harry begs her forgiveness.
She responds that he has made a mockery of their marriage and of her.
Karen's brother, David (Hugh Grant), is the recently elected Prime Minister.
Natalie (Martine McCutcheon) is a new junior member of the household staff at 10 Downing Street.
During a meeting with theS.
President (Billy Bob Thornton), they run into Natalie and the president makes some inappropriate comments to David about Natalie's body.
Later, David walks in on Natalie serving tea and biscuits to the president, and it appears that something untoward is happening.
Natalie seems ashamed, but the President has a sly grin on his face.
At the following joint press conference, David is uncharacteristically assertive while taking a stand against the President's intimidating policies.
Finding that his relationship with Natalie has become strained and a distraction, David has her moved to another job.
However, he is spurred to action on Christmas Eve when he finds a Christmas card from Natalie declaring that she is his and no one else's.
After a door to door search of her street, he comes across Mia, who informs him that Natalie lives next door.
The entire family is on their way out the door to a multi-school Christmas play and he offers to drive them so he can talk to her.
After Natalie sneaks him in to the school, he runs into his heartbroken sister who believes he is there for his niece and nephew.
As the two try to keep from being seen and watch the show from backstage, they finally kiss.
All their hiding was for nothing because as the curtain rises, they are seen kissing by everyone.
Daniel (Liam Neeson), Karen's friend, mourns the recent death of his wife Joanna, as he tries to raise his stepson Sam (Thomas Sangster) alone.
Sam has fallen for an American classmate, also named Joanna (Olivia Olson), and, after discussion with his stepfather, decides to learn the drums so that he can accompany her in the big finale for their school's Christmas pageant (the same one that Natalie's nephew and Karen and Harry's children are in).
After Sam feels that he missed his chance to make an impression on her, Daniel convinces Sam that he must go catch Joanna, who is returning to the US, at the airport that night and show her how he feels, lest he regret it.
Sam runs away from the airport security and says hi to Joanna, who then kisses him on the cheek.
Meanwhile, Daniel meets Carol (Claudia Schiffer), the mother of one of Sam's schoolmates.
Sarah (Laura Linney) first appears at Juliet and Peter's wedding, sitting next to her friend Jamie.
She is an American who works at Harry's graphic design company and has been in love for years with the company's creative director, Karl (Rodrigo Santoro).
They finally connect at the Christmas party and he drives her home.
They kiss, but before more can occur, they are interrupted by her mentally ill brother, Michael, phoning from a mental care facility.
Sarah and Karl's evening tryst is aborted and Karl leaves.
On Christmas Eve both are working late and, when Karl leaves, he only wishes her a merry Christmas.
Michael phones Sarah and she goes to stay with him, sharing her Christmas scarf.
After unsuccessfully attempting to woo various English women, including Mia and Nancy (Julia Davis), the caterer at Juliet and Peter's wedding, Colin Frissell (Kris Marshall) informs his friend Tony (Abdul Salis) he plans to go to America, where he is convinced that his Britishness will be an asset.
Landing in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Colin meets Stacey (Ivana Miličević), Jeannie (January Jones), and Carol-Anne (Elisha Cuthbert), three stunningly attractive women who fall for his Basildon accent and invite him to stay at their home, where they are joined by roommate Harriet (Shannon Elizabeth).
John (Martin Freeman) and Judy (Joanna Page) are professional body doubles for films.
They meet for the sex scenes in a film for which Tony is a production assistant.
John tells Judy that "It is nice to have someone [he] can just chat to".
While the two are perfectly comfortable being naked and simulating sex on-set, they are shy and tentative off-set.
Carefully pursuing a relationship, they attend the Christmas pageant (involving David and Natalie, Harry and Karen's children, Daniel and Sam, et al) at the local school with John's brother.
Rufus, played by Rowan Atkinson, is the jewellery salesman, whose obsessive attention to gift-wrapping nearly results in Harry being caught buying a necklace for Mia by Karen.
Also, it is his distraction of staff at the airport which allows Sam to sneak through to see Joanna.
In the director and cast commentary, it is revealed that Rufus was originally supposed to be a Christmas angel; however, this was dropped from the final script.
One month later, all of the characters are seen in Heathrow airport.
Billy tells Joe that his Christmas single has spurred a comeback.
Juliet, Peter, and Mark meet Jamie and his bride, Aurélia.
Karen and the kids greet Harry, but Karen's reaction suggests that they are struggling to move past his indiscretion.
Sam greets Joanna, who has returned with her mother from America, and Daniel is joined by his new girlfriend Carol and her son.
Newlyweds John and Judy, heading off to their honeymoon, run into Tony who is awaiting Colin as he returns from America.
Colin returns with Harriet and her sister Carla (Denise Richards) who greets Tony with a hug and a kiss.
Natalie welcomes David back from his flight in view of the press, indicating that their relationship is now public.
These scenes dissolve into footage of actual arrivals at Heathrow, as the screen is divided into an increasing number of smaller segments which form the shape of a heart.
Vladimir Ivanoff, a saxophonist with the Moscow circus, lives in a crowded apartment with his extended family.
He stands in lines for hours to buy toilet paper and shoes.
When Boris, the apparatchik assigned to the circus, criticizes Vladimir for being late to rehearsal and suggests Vladimir may miss the approaching trip to New York, Vladimir gives Boris a pair of shoes from the queue that made Vladimir late.
While Ivanoff is riding in his friend Anatoly's Lada, Anatoly stops to buy fuel for his car from a mobile black market gasoline dealer.
While the friends wait for the gasoline seller to fill Anatoly's jerrycans, the two practice their English.
The circus troupe is sent to perform in New York City.
Anatoly, who has talked of little else but defecting, can't bring himself to go through with it; and Vladimir, who had opposed the scheme as reckless and foolhardy, suddenly decides to do it.
He runs from his Soviet controllers and hides behind a perfume counter at Bloomingdale's under the skirt of the clerk, Lucia Lombardo.
When local police and the FBI arrive, Vladimir stands up to his controllers and defects with news cameras rolling.
Vladimir is left with nothing but the clothes on his back, the money in his pocket, and a pair of blue jeans he had planned to buy for his girlfriend in Moscow.
Lionel Witherspoon, an African American security guard who protected Vladimir from his Russian handlers during the defection, takes him home to Harlem to live with Lionel's mother, unemployed father, sister, and grandfather-a living arrangement noticeably similar to Vladimir's family back in Moscow.
With the help of sympathetic immigration attorney Orlando Ramirez, a Cuban emigrant, Vladimir soon adapts to life in the United States.
Vladimir attempts to find work despite speaking little English and fearing the threat of his former KGB handlers.
He initially works as a busboy, McDonald's cashier, sidewalk merchant, and limousine driver.
Although these jobs enable Vladimir to eventually move into his own apartment, he begins to doubt he will ever play saxophone professionally again.
Vladimir starts a relationship with Lucia.
At a party celebrating Lucia's becoming an American citizen, Vladimir proposes to her; but she refuses and breaks up with him.
Lionel decides to return to Alabama to be close to his minor son.
However, more bad news comes in a letter from Vladimir's family that his grandfather has died.
Grieving, Vladimir goes to a Russian nightclub to ease his mind.
When he returns home late to his apartment building drunk, he is mugged by two African American youths.
He reports the incident to the police with his attorney Orlando present; and the two go to a diner where Vladimir rants about his misfortunes.
During a confrontation with a burly man who reveals himself also as a Russian defector, Vladimir comes to appreciate his good fortune of living in the United States.
Soon after, Lucia reunites with Vladimir telling him that she is not ready for marriage but would love to live with an immigrant.
Lionel moves back from Alabama and takes over Vladimir's job driving a limousine.
Vladimir encounters his former KGB handler, who is now a street vendor selling hotdogs.
He admitted he had to flee the USSR himself due to his failure to prevent Vladimir's defection, but has also come to appreciate New York City.
Vladimir soon gets a job in a nightclub, where he once again plays saxophone.
Wide receiver Marvin "Shake" Tiller and running back Billy Clyde Puckett are football buddies who play for a Miami pro team owned by Big Ed Bookman (Preston).
Bookman's daughter Barbara Jane is roommates with both men, and the film depicts a subtle love triangle relationship between Barbara Jane and her two friends.
She initially has romantic feelings for Shake, who has become more self-confident after taking self-improvement training from seminar leader Friedrich Bismark.
The program is called Bismark Earthwalk Action Training, orEAT.
After Shake completes his course, he and Barbara Jane sleep together and start a relationship.
Barbara Jane is not a follower ofEAT, and Shake is warned by his leader Bismark that "mixed marriages don't work".
Barbara Jane is determined to make it work, so she attendsEAT.
in an effort to "get it".
At the end of the training session, she is worn out from Bismark's "sadistic abuse, pious drivel and sheer double talk".
Barbara Jane also feels guilty that she did not "get it".
Shake is insistent that the training has had proven results for him, noting that he has not dropped a football pass since completingEAT.
Billy Clyde also has feelings for Barbara Jane and enrolls inEAT.
in order to understand what she is going through.
In the training, Billy Clyde is shown coping with the seminar rules forbidding going to the bathroom.
For a time Puckett pretends he underwent a conversion to Bismark's way of thinking.
While Barbara Jane and Shake are at the altar about to be married, the minister turns to Bismark and gives him some advice on how he can avoid capital gains tax in his business.
Billy Clyde ends up exposing the movement's shallow side, and rescues Barbara Jane from bothEAT.
and her impending marriage to Shake.
After leaving the wedding together, Barbara Jane and Billy Clyde reveal their feelings for each other.
Cameron James, a new student at Padua High School in the Seattle area, becomes instantly smitten with popular sophomore Bianca Stratford.
Geeky Michael Eckman warns him that Bianca is vapid and conceited, and that her overprotective father does not allow Bianca or her older sister, the shrewish Kat, to date.
Kat, a senior, is accepted to Sarah Lawrence College in New York, but her father, Walter, wants her to stay close to home.
Bianca wishes to date affluent senior Joey Donner, but Walter, an obstetrician worrisome of teenage pregnancy, will not allow his daughters to date until they graduate.
Frustrated by Bianca's insistence and Kat's rebelliousness, Walter declares that Bianca may date only when Kat does, knowing that Kat's antisocial attitude makes this unlikely.
When Cameron asks Bianca out, she informs him of her father's new rule and, as a pretense for allowing her to date Joey, suggests that Cameron find someone willing to date Kat.
Cameron selects "bad boy" Patrick Verona, but Patrick scares him off.
Michael assists by convincing Joey to pay Patrick to take out Kat, under the pretense that this will allow Joey to date Bianca.
Patrick agrees to the deal, but Kat rebuffs his first few advances.
Michael and Cameron help him by prying Bianca for information on Kat's likes and dislikes.
Armed with this knowledge, Patrick begins to win Kat's interest.
She goes to a party with him, which enables Bianca to go as well, much to Walter's dismay.
At the party, Kat becomes upset when she sees Bianca with Joey, and responds by getting drunk.
Patrick attends to her, and Kat starts to open up, expressing her interest in starting a band.
However, when she tries to kiss him, Patrick pulls away and Kat leaves, infuriated.
Meanwhile, Bianca ignores Cameron in favor of Joey, leaving Cameron dejected.
Bianca soon realizes, however, that Joey is shallow and self-absorbed, and asks Cameron for a ride home.
Cameron admits his feelings for her and his frustration with how she has treated him.
Bianca responds by kissing him.
Joey offers to pay Patrick to take Kat to the prom so he can take Bianca.
Patrick initially refuses, but relents when Joey offers him more money.
Kat is still angry with Patrick, but he wins her over by serenading her with the accompaniment of the marching band, and she helps him sneak out of detention.
They go on a date which turns romantic, but Kat becomes suspicious and angry when Patrick insists that she go with him to the prom, an event she is adamantly against.
Bianca is irritated that Cameron hasn't asked her to the prom, and so accepts Joey's invitation, but Walter won't allow it unless Kat goes too.
Kat confesses to Bianca that she dated Joey when they were freshmen and, succumbing to peer pressure, had sex with him.
Afterward she regretted it and Joey dumped her, so she vowed to never again do anything just because everyone else was doing it.
Bianca insists that she can make her own choices, so Kat agrees to go to the prom with Patrick, and Bianca decides to go with Cameron instead of Joey.
All is going well at the prom until Bianca learns that Joey planned to have sex with her that night.
Angry that Bianca has spurned him for Cameron, Joey reveals his arrangement with Patrick, which causes Kat to leave heartbroken.
Joey then punches Cameron, but is in turn beaten up by Bianca for having hurt her, Kat, and Cameron.
Bianca and Cameron share another kiss.
The next day, Bianca reconciles with Kat and begins dating Cameron.
Walter admits that Kat is capable of taking care of herself, and gives her permission to attend Sarah Lawrence College.
For an assignment in which the students were required to write their own version of William Shakespeare's Sonnet 141, Kat reads aloud a poem titled "10 Things I Hate About You", revealing that she still loves Patrick.
Patrick surprises her with a guitar bought with the money that Joey paid him, and confesses that he has fallen for her.
Kat forgives him, and the two reconcile with a kiss.
A beautiful witch named Samantha (Elizabeth Montgomery) meets and marries a mortal named Darrin Stephens (originally Dick York, later Dick Sargent).
While Samantha complies with Darrin's wishes to become a normal suburban housewife, her magical family disapproves of the mixed marriage and frequently interferes in the couple's lives.
Episodes often begin with Darrin becoming the victim of a spell, the effects of which wreak havoc with mortals such as his boss, clients, parents, and neighbors.
By the epilogue, however, Darrin and Samantha most often embrace, having overcome the devious elements that failed to separate them.
The witches and their male counterparts, warlocks, are very long-lived; while Samantha appears to be a young woman, many episodes suggest she is actually hundreds of years old.
To keep their society secret, witches avoid showing their powers in front of mortals other than Darrin.
Nevertheless, the effects of their spells – and Samantha's attempts to hide their supernatural origin from mortals – drive the plot of most episodes.
Witches and warlocks usually use physical gestures along with their incantations.
To perform magic, Samantha often twitches her nose to create a spell.
Special visual effects are accompanied by music to highlight such an action.
The main setting for most episodes is the Stephens' house at 1164 Morning Glory Circle, in an upper-middle-class suburban neighborhood, either in Westport, Connecticut or Patterson, New York as indicated by conflicting information presented throughout the series.
The season 3 episode "Soap Box Derby" shows the Mills Garage in Patterson as a neighbor's son's car sponsor, and the Stephens' station wagon is seen with New York plates.
Elizabeth Montgomery owned a second home in Patterson.
Many scenes also take place at the fictional Madison Avenue advertising agency "McMann and Tate", where Darrin works.
During its run, the series had a number of major cast changes, often because of illness or death of the actors.
In particular, the performer playing Darrin was replaced mid-season.
The protagonist and narrator is Dexter King (Goldblum), an American actor working in London and living platonically in Camden Town with his "educated, charming.
nymphomaniac" landlady (played by Geraldine James).
He's just finished his sixth year playing "The Tall Guy", a straight man in a two-man, long-running comedy revue starring (and dominated by) Ron Anderson (Rowan Atkinson, playing a role based on himself).
Chronic hay fever prompts him to see a doctor, where he meets and falls quickly in love with Kate (played by Emma Thompson), who works there as a nurse.
Soon after meeting Kate, Dexter is fired by Ron.
After being rejected for a role in a new Steven Berkoff play for "lacking anger", Dexter wins the title role in a new Royal Shakespeare Company musical based on The Elephant Man.
It's a "nasty send-up of Andrew Lloyd Webber" called Elephant.
which features a song called "He’s Packing His Trunk" and a finale which ends with the lyric "Somewhere up in heaven there's an angel with big ears.
"  During rehearsal, Dexter succumbs to the advances of a married co-star (played by Kim Thomson).
On the new musical's opening night, Kate puts together evidence of the affair from a few subtle clues, and leaves Dexter without further ado.
After seeing a scene in a televised award show that suggests Ron is now dating Kate, Dexter impulsively gives up his role in Elephant.
just before the curtain rises, with plans to make an impassioned plea to Kate to take him back.
With Ron's involuntary help (Dexter ties him up in his dressing room and steals his car), Dexter presents his case to Kate in a busy hospital ward.
Kate agrees to give him another chance.
In 1981, Camp Firewood, a summer camp located near Waterville, Maine, is preparing for its last day of camp.
Counselors have one last chance to have a romantic encounter with another person at Camp Firewood.
The summer culminates in a talent show.
Beth (Janeane Garofalo), the camp director, struggles to keep her counselors in order—and her campers alive—while falling in love with Henry (David Hyde Pierce), an astrophysics associate professor at Colby College.
Henry has to devise a plan to save the camp from a piece of NASA's Skylab, which is falling to Earth.
Coop (Michael Showalter) has a crush on Katie (Marguerite Moreau), his fellow counselor, but has to pry her away from her rebellious, obnoxious, and obviously unfaithful boyfriend, Andy (Paul Rudd).
Only Gene (Christopher Meloni), the shell-shocked Vietnam war veteran and camp chef, can help Coop win Katie—with some help from a talking can of mixed vegetables (voiced by Jon Benjamin).
All the while, Gary (AD.
Miles), Gene's unfortunately chosen apprentice, andJ.
(Zak Orth) attempt to figure out why McKinley (Michael Ian Black) hasn't been with a woman, the reason being that McKinley is in love with Ben (Bradley Cooper), whom he marries in a ceremony in the lake; Victor (Ken Marino) attempts to lose his virginity with the resident loose-girl Abby (Marisa Ryan); and Susie (Amy Poehler) and Ben attempts to produce and choreograph the greatest talent show Camp Firewood has ever seen.
30-year-old Fotoula "Toula" Portokalos (Nia Vardalos) feels that she is the only woman in her family who has "failed" at being a typical Greek girl.
Her family expects her to be more like her 33-year-old sister Athena (Stavroula Logothettis) and marry a Greek boy, make Greek babies, and "feed everyone until the day she dies".
Instead, Toula is stuck working in the family restaurant in Chicago, "Dancing Zorba's".
Frumpy and cynical, she fears that she is doomed to be stuck with her life.
One day while at the restaurant, Toula briefly becomes enamored with and embarrasses herself in front of Ian Miller (John Corbett), a handsome school teacher.
An argument with her overly nationalistic father Gus (Michael Constantine), who wants his daughter to marry and settle down with another Greek or man of Greek origin rather than pursue a career, causes Toula to want her own life away from the restaurant and her intrusive family.
Gus refers to anybody who is non-Greek as "Xenos".
After some persuasion by his wife, Maria (Lainie Kazan), Gus reluctantly permits Toula to begin taking computer classes at a community college.
Toula trades her glasses for contact lenses, curls her hair, and begins to wear make-up, improving her confidence, mood, and self-esteem.
Armed with her skills, Toula convinces her mother and her Aunt Voula (Andrea Martin) to get Gus to allow her to work at Voula's travel agency instead of the restaurant.
Toula does better in her new job, catching the eye of Ian, who is smitten with her.
Despite Toula being shy whenever she sees Ian, they introduce themselves, date, and fall in love.
Toula tries to keep the relationship secret from her family, until Gus finds out due to the closeness of the Greek-American community.
He throws a fit because Ian is not an ethnic Greek, and he orders Toula to end the relationship and tries to set her up on dates with Greek men, but Ian and Toula continue to see each other, against Gus's wishes.
Ian proposes to her, and Toula accepts.
Gus is hurt and infuriated, feeling that his daughter has betrayed him.
Ian, wanting to be with Toula, agrees to be baptized in the Greek Orthodox Church, an act which earns Gus's grudging respect and the acceptance of the rest of the family.
Obstacles start to occur during the planning of the wedding, as Toula's numerous relatives "helpfully" interfere by imposing their ideas into her planning.
The situation reaches its head when Gus and Maria invite the entire family to what was meant to be a "quiet" introductory dinner with Ian's demure and private parents, and the evening is a failure.
The wedding day dawns, and though Toula is nervous, the traditional Greek wedding goes without a hitch.
At the reception, Gus gives a speech accepting Ian and the Millers as his new family.
As his wedding gift, he presents the newlyweds with a deed to a new home.
Following the reception, Toula and Ian drive away to begin their married life.
An epilogue shows the couple's life six years later.
They have a daughter,  who complains that she would prefer not to go to Greek school.
Toula placates her by assuring her that when the time comes, she can marry whomever she wants.
As they walk towards Greek school, it is revealed that their home is next door to that of Toula's parents.
Maggie (Karyn Dwyer) has recently moved out on her own, and has started a relationship with another woman, Kim (Christina Cox).
However, Maggie's mother Lila (Wendy Crewson) and brother, who are forced to move into her loft sublet with her, are unaware that she is a lesbian.
Maggie's freedom is compromised, and she believes she must keep her blossoming affair a secret.
However, the clandestine romance introduces Maggie's family to a host of new experiences, many of which are "better than chocolate".
The cast also includes Ann-Marie MacDonald as Frances, the owner of a lesbian bookstore where Maggie works, and Peter Outerbridge as Judy, a trans woman with a crush on Frances.
9, the elderly and widowed, but still lively, Marchioness of Shayne is holding a party at her home in London to celebrate the impending society marriage of a young woman who, it turns out, is in love not with her fiancé but with another man, a poor musician ("That Wonderful Melody").
The young woman is torn between love and fortune, and Lady Shane is reminded of her own youth ("The Call of Life").
Plot.
Nearly 55 years earlier, in 1875, Lady Shane is the young Sarah Millick, a wealthy London girl, who is having a singing lesson with her dashing music teacher, Carl Linden.
The spirited Sarah is engaged to Lord Hugh, a wealthy but rigid young nobleman, but she and her music teacher have fallen in love ("If You Could Only Come With Me").
Carl is a man of integrity and does not want to ruin Sarah's young dreams.
He plans to return to his native Austria late that night but vows to think of Sarah each Spring ("I'll See You Again").
At the pre-wedding party, Sarah realises that her life with Lord Hugh would be very unhappy indeed ("What Is Love").
Carl is entertaining at the party ("The Last Dance"), and when she sees the depth of his love for her, she agrees to run away with him to Vienna.
Five years later, in Vienna, Carl is a bandleader, and Sarah (now called Sari), sings his songs, but she is unhappy with their new employment at Schlick's Café, a racy establishment where she is expected to dance with the patrons, and perhaps more ("Ladies of the Town").
Carl's earlier love, Manon, is another entertainer at the cafe, who has mixed feelings about Sarah ("If Love Were All").
Sarah begs Carl to quit the cafe and take them to a safer place ("Evermore and a Day"; "Dear Little Café").
He agrees, but that night is busy at the cafe ("Tokay").
Manon sings "Bonne Nuit, Merci".
Sarah is asked to dance with an army captain who handles her boldly and steals a kiss on the dance floor ("Kiss Me").
Carl is enraged and strikes the military man.
The captain challenges Carl to a duel and easily kills the musician with his sword.
Thirteen years pass, and it is the Gay Nineties ("Ta Ra Ra Boom"; "Green Carnation").
Sarah has become world-famous as an interpreter of Carl's song ("Alas.
The Time is Past").
She returns to London, pursued by the amiable Marquis of Shayne, who is struck by her talent and sadness; he is sure that he can restore her youthful spirit.
She sees her old London friends after nearly 20 years and entertains them with Carl's music ("Zigeuner").
Lord Shayne has proposed to her in every capital in Europe and now, home in London, he tells her that he accepts the fact that her love for Carl has never died.
He begs her to let him make her happy again.
She reluctantly accepts his proposal; she sings to Carl, "I shall love you till I die – good bye" ("I'll See You Again" (reprise)).
Gilda is an interior designer who lives with the painter Otto, who was previously attached to Leo, an author.
She is visited by Ernest Friedman, an art dealer and friend of all three.
He is excited about his newly acquired Matisse and wants to show it to Otto.
Gilda says that Otto is in bed, ill, and cannot be disturbed.
Ernest tells her that Leo is back in Paris after making a success in New York.
Otto enters from the street, carrying luggage, and very clearly not bedridden as Gilda has told Ernest.
Ernest prudently takes his leave.
After he and Otto have gone out to find Leo, supposedly at the George V Hotel, Leo enters from Gilda's bedroom where he has spent the night with her.
They discuss what they should say to Otto, whom they both love.
On his return they tell him that they have slept together in his absence, and after a furious row he renounces both of them and storms out of the room.
Leo and Gilda are now living together.
His plays are now immensely successful.
A journalist and press photographer call to do a feature on him.
During the interview Leo makes several remarks that show how shallow he finds success.
A few days later, Leo is away, and Otto turns up.
He too has now become successful.
Otto and Gilda dine together and their old love is rekindled.
They embrace passionately.
Scene 3  The next morning, Otto is still asleep when Ernest calls on Gilda.
She tells him she is leaving Leo, and they exit together.
Leo returns to discover Otto, who at once acknowledges that he has spent the night with Gilda.
Before the ensuing row develops too far they spot the notes Gilda has left for them both.
They are both horrified that she has gone, and they drown their sorrows in brandy and then sherry.
They embrace, sobbing helplessly.
married Ernest and become a commercially successful designer.
Ernest is away, and Gilda is giving a reception for some important clients.
It is gatecrashed by Otto and Leo, in impeccable evening dress, determined to reclaim her.
They frighten her guests into leaving, and Gilda pretends to bid them goodnight along with her other guests, but secretly gives them a key and tells them to return later.
Ernest returns the next morning to find Otto and Leo in his apartment, wearing his pyjamas.
Gilda, however, has not been there.
She has been to a hotel overnight to allow herself time to think.
When she returns Otto and Leo explain to an incredulous and incandescent Ernest that Gilda's formal status as his wife is irrelevant.
She slowly realises that the attraction the two exert for her is irresistible.
As Ernest rushes out denouncing their "disgusting three-sided erotic hotch-potch," Gilda, Otto and Leo fall together on a sofa in gales of laughter.
High school senior Andie Walsh lives on modestly with her underemployed working class father, Jack.
Andie's best friend, Phil "Duckie" Dale, is in love with her, but is afraid to tell her how he truly feels.
In school, Duckie and Andie, along with their friends, are harassed and bullied by the arrogant "richie" kids, specifically Benny Hanson and her boyfriend Steff McKee, who is secretly interested in Andie.
While working after school at TRAX, a new wave record store, Andie starts talking about her school's senior prom to her manager Iona, who advises Andie to go despite not having a date.
Blane McDonough, one of the preppy boys and Steff's best friend, starts talking to Andie at school and at TRAX, and eventually asks her out.
Steff tells Andie to stop talking to her.
On the night of the date, Andie waits for Blane at TRAX, but he is late.
Duckie comes in and asks Andie to go out with him, but she ignores him.
Iona gives her a pep talk, while Duckie, still oblivious, asks what's wrong.
When Blane arrives, Duckie is upset and starts an argument with Andie, with Duckie trying to convince her that Blane will only hurt her.
Duckie storms off and Andie goes on with her date.
Blane suggests going to a house party Steff is throwing, but Andie is treated poorly by everyone, including a drunk Steff and Benny.
Andie, in turn, suggests going to the local club, where they discover Iona sitting with Duckie, who is hostile toward Blane.
After another argument with Duckie, Andie and Blane walk out of the club.
Andie, feeling that their night didn't go so well, tells Blane that she wants to go home, but when Blane offers to take her home, she refuses, admitting that she doesn't want him to see where she lives.
She eventually allows him to drop her off and he asks her to the prom, which she accepts and they share their first kiss.
Andie visits Iona at her apartment the next day to talk about Andie's date.
Meanwhile, Blane, pressured by Steff, begins distancing himself from Andie.
Jack comes home one night and surprises Andie with a pink dress he bought for her at a thrift shop.
Questioning how he was able to afford it, Andie tells him that she knows he has been lying about going to a full-time job.
The two fight until Jack breaks down, revealing that he is still bitter and depressed about his wife having left him.
At school, Andie confronts Blane for avoiding her and not returning her calls.
When asked about prom, he claims that he had already asked somebody else but had forgotten.
Andie starts calling Blane a liar and accuses him of being ashamed of being seen with her because his friends don't approve.
Andie runs away as a teary-eyed Blane leaves, with Steff criticizing Andie again.
Duckie overhears Steff and attacks him in the hallway.
The two fight before teachers intervene.
Andie goes to Iona, crying about what happened.
She asks for Iona's old prom dress.
Using the fabric from Iona's dress and the thrift shop dress, Andie creates a new pink prom dress.
When she arrives at the prom, Andie has second thoughts about braving the crowd on her own until she sees Duckie walk out.
They reconcile and walk into the ballroom hand in hand.
When a drunk Steff begins mocking the couple, Blane confronts him and finally realizes that Steff resents Andie because she had turned down Steff's advances.
Blane then approaches the two, shaking Duckie's hand and then apologizing to Andie, telling her that he always believed in her and that he will always love her, kissing her cheek before walking out.
Duckie concedes that Blane is not like the other rich kids at school and advises Andie to go after him, joking that he'll never take her to another prom if she doesn't.
Duckie then sees a girl smiling at him, telling him to come over and dance with her.
Andie catches up with Blane in the parking lot and they kiss passionately.
In 1985, Robbie Hart (Adam Sandler) is an engaging and entertaining wedding singer from Ridgefield, New Jersey.
He is engaged to his long-time girlfriend, Linda (Angela Featherstone), who was attracted to him at a time when he dreamed of becoming a rock star.
He meets and befriends a waitress, Julia Sullivan (Drew Barrymore), at the reception hall where he regularly performs.
She is also engaged to businessman Glenn Gulia (Matthew Glave) and he promises to sing at their wedding.
On their wedding day, Robbie's sister, Kate, informs him about Linda changing her mind, leaving him emotionally devastated and humiliated.
Later that day, she visits him and he confronts her for leaving him at the altar, rather than tell him the truth so they can cancel the wedding.
She reveals that she stopped loving him when she found out that he lost his ambitions of being a rock star and instead became a wedding singer.
She tells him that after talking to her friends, she realizes she can't continue lying to herself and ends their relationship.
He tries to move forward with his life, but despair hinders his performances.
Julia tries to cheer him up and later asks him to help her plan her own wedding.
He eventually agrees and their friendship blossoms.
Meanwhile, as he spends more time with her, she begins to realize how shallow Linda is.
During a double date between Julia and Glenn, and Julia's cousin, Holly (Christine Taylor), Robbie learns that Glenn frequently cheats on Julia and does not plan to stop after they get married.
Julia and Robbie are increasingly confused by their deepening feelings for each other.
He tells her he has plans to retire from singing and pursue a more conventional career, thinking that will impress her.
She becomes angry with him for assuming that she is marrying Glenn for his money (although she is under pressure from her worried parents to do just that so she will not tread water as they have).
Dismayed, he goes to a bar where his friend, Sammy (Allen Covert), says that guys who refuse to settle down get forgotten, using the example of once-popular TV shows featuring single swinging guys that got cancelled due to the same old schtick, which inspires him to proceed to the Sullivan house to tell Julia how he feels.
When he arrives, he sees her through her bedroom window.
She is wearing her wedding dress, to which he mistakenly concludes that she is looking forward to marrying Glenn.
In actuality, she is expressing doubts about him, particularly her new name of Julia Gulia and imagines herself as Robbie's bride would be nice, hence her imagined glee.
Heartbroken, Robbie leaves to get drunk and finds Glenn in the midst of his pre-bachelor party.
After a heated exchange, he punches Robbie and proceeds to mock him.
An intoxicated Robbie goes home and finds Linda waiting for him and wanting to reconcile.
He passes out, but the following morning, she answers the door and introduces herself as his fiancée to a crestfallen Julia.
She runs to Glenn, wanting to be married immediately.
He happily offers to take her to Las Vegas.
Before getting on the plane and during the flight, she begins to show regret for planning to marry him.
Robbie awakens and after shaking off his hangover from the previous night, tells Linda that it's over and kicks her out.
Then he attends the 50th wedding anniversary party of his friend, Rosie (to whom he has been giving singing lessons).
Inspired by this and with her encouragement, he decides to pursue Julia.
Just then, Holly arrives and asks him if he is still with Linda.
He reveals he ended it with her and learns of Julia's plans to marry Glenn.
He, Sammy, and Holly rush to the airport, where he books a flight to Las Vegas.
He gets a first class ticket because all coach seats are sold out.
After telling his story to an empathetic audience in first class, which includes Billy Idol (playing himself, sporting his 1980s trademark spiked hairdo and biker attire), he learns that Glenn and Julia are on the same flight as he looks through the curtain separating first class and coach.
Over the loudspeaker and with the help of Billy and the flight crew, he sings a song he has written called "Grow Old With You," which he has dedicated to Julia.
When he enters the coach section, Glenn tries to attack him, only for his path to be blocked by a male flight attendant and Billy both pushing refreshment carts.
When Glenn threatens Billy, a burly fan of his also wearing biker attire forces Glenn down the aisle and a female flight attendant he tried seducing earlier pushes him into the lavatory.
Robbie and Julia admit their love for each other and after Billy briefly interrupts them to offer Robbie support in fulfilling his dream of being a songwriter, they share a kiss.
The film ends as the scene fades to a similar kiss, this time at their wedding.
Dave Veltri (Steve Buscemi), the groom's best man from an earlier wedding, becomes the new wedding singer.
Eight years have elapsed since Scott Calvin took on the mantle of Santa Claus and became subject to The Santa Clause.
Now he is at the top of his game at the North Pole and could not be happier, at least until Head Elf Bernard and Curtis, the Keeper of the Handbook of Christmas break the news that there is another clause — the "Mrs.
Clause".
Santa/Scott is now pressed to get married before the next Christmas Eve, or the clause will be broken and Christmas will fade away.
At the same time, Abby the Elf delivers news that is more distressing: Santa's own son Charlie is on the naughty list, for acts including vandalizing the walls of the school gymnasium with spray paint, until he is caught by Principal Carol Newman.
Scott must return to his home to search for a wife and set things right with Charlie.
He brings this up when visited by the Council of Legendary Figures consisting of Mother Nature, Father Time, Cupid, the Easter Bunny, the Tooth Fairy, and the Sandman.
To cover for Santa's prolonged absence, Curtis helps Santa create a life-size toy replica of Santa, much to Bernard's horror.
However, this replacement cannot find any grace or slack in his plastic heart for minor infractions by children the world over, having followed the Handbook too strictly.
Toy Santa takes control of the North Pole with an army of life-size toy soldiers.
He thinks that everyone is naughty, and he plans to give the entire world lumps of coal.
Because of the impending end of his contract, Scott undergoes a "de-Santafication process" that gradually turns him back into Scott Calvin.
He has a limited amount of magic to help him.
Scott attempts to reconcile with Charlie, who keeps vandalizing his school to get attention.
He and Charlie both face the ire of Principal Newman when Charlie defaces the lockers.
Charlie confesses to Scott how hard it is for him that Scott is never around like other fathers, and reveals the stress he is under to conceal the secret that his father is Santa.
Scott vows to try harder as a dad, and he and Charlie reconcile.
After a few failed dates, Scott finds himself falling for Carol, the school principal.
He accompanies her in a sleigh to the faculty Christmas party, which turns out to be dull.
Using a little of his Christmas magic, Scott enlivens the party by presenting everyone with their childhood dream gifts.
He makes a special presentation to Carol, and, with his last remnant of magic, wins her over and they kiss passionately.
However, she balks when he attempts to explain he is Santa, believing that Scott is mocking her childhood, until Charlie manages to convince her by showing her his magic snow globe.
Curtis flies in to deliver the news about the Toy Santa's coal binge.
However, Scott has used up the last of his magic wooing Carol, and Comet has eaten too many chocolate bars.
With a little help from the Tooth Fairy, Scott and Curtis return to the North Pole.
Toy Santa wastes no time in subduing Scott, but Charlie and a now-believing Carol spring him free by summoning the Tooth Fairy to fly them there.
Scott goes after the Toy Santa, who has already left with the sleigh, riding Chet, a reindeer-in-training, and they both crash back into the village.
With an army of elves, Carol, Bernard, Charlie and Curtis lead a snowball war to overthrow the toy soldiers.
Toy Santa is reduced to his normal six-inch height, Scott marries Carol in a ceremony presided over by Mother Nature herself, Scott transforms back to Santa, and Christmas proceeds as it always has.
Scott and Carol have a three month honeymoon to go on the next day.
In addition, Scott and Charlie reveal the truth to Lucy, Charlie's younger half-sister (the daughter of Laura and Neil) about Scott being Santa Claus.
Samantha "Sam" Montgomery lives in the San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles, with her widowed father Hal, who runs a popular sports-themed diner.
Hal soon marries an exceedingly vain, and selfish woman named Fiona, who has socially-awkward fraternal twin daughters, Brianna and Gabriella.
During the 1994 Northridge earthquake, Hal is killed when he runs to save Fiona.
Having supposedly left no will, Fiona receives all of his belongings, including the house, the diner, and to her dismay, Sam.
Eight years later, Sam is employed as a waitress at the diner to save money to attend Princeton University, but she is regularly tormented by her stepfamily: constant insulting and treat her like if they were popular, despite them being regarded as weirdos.
Sam struggles to cope socially at North Valley High School, where queen bee, cheerleader Shelby Cummings, also torments her and calls her "Diner Girl" along with other members of the popular clique.
Sam confides in her online pen pal "Nomad" about her dream to attend Princeton, a dream which he also shares.
However, Nomad's true identity is Austin Ames, the popular, yet unhappy, quarterback of the school's football team, and Shelby's ex-boyfriend, although she refuses to accept that he has broken up with her.
The reason why he is unhappy is because Austin's father planned for him to go to the University of Southern California with a football scholarship, other than going to Princeton.
Nomad proposes that they meet in person at the school's Halloween themed homecoming dance.
On the night of the dance, Fiona orders Sam to work the night shift at the diner, then leaves to drive Brianna and Gabriella to the dance.
Initially reluctant, Sam is convinced by her best friend, Carter Ferrell, to go to the dance and meet her mysterious online friend.
Rhonda, Sam's other best friend, and the rest of the diner's staff also convince her to disobey Fiona and go to the dance anyway.
Sam, wearing a mask and a beautiful white dress, meets "Nomad" at the dance, and is surprised to learn that he is Austin, who had become smitten with her upon her entrance.
The two decide to leave the party to walk alone and get to know each other a little better.
While sharing a romantic dance, Sam and Austin begin to fall in love.
But just as Austin is about to unmask her, Sam's cell phone alarm goes off, warning her to return to the diner before Fiona returns at midnight.
She leaves without revealing her identity to Austin, and drops her phone on the way out.
Austin picks up her phone and begins a desperate search to figure out who his "Cinderella" really is, but every girl at school claims to be the mysterious owner of the phone.
Sam is reluctant to reveal her identity to Austin, feeling that he will not accept her due to her being ordinary and Austin being popular.
When Austin comes into the diner one day, Sam is forced to help him and, after a talk, she attempts to reveal her identity to him, but is cut off by Fiona.
Sam's stepsisters discover Sam and Austin's email relationship, and (after having failed to convince Austin that one of them is the owner of the phone) convince Shelby that Sam tried to steal Austin from her.
During a pep rally, they and the other cheerleaders humiliate Sam in front of the entire school and expose her identity as well as naming her an impostor.
Austin, hurt by Sam's secrecy, does not step up to defend her, and Sam leaves the pep rally feeling devastated.
Like Austin, Sam had been accepted to Princeton, only to be duped by Fiona into believing she was rejected, by having a fake rejection letter made.
Sam then decides to give up her dreams and resigns herself to working at the diner, but Rhonda gives Sam a pep talk not to lose hope.
When her stepsisters come in, they slam the door, causing a guitar to fall off the wall, tearing the wallpaper down with it and blame it on Sam.
Sam then sees her father's words, "Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game," and regains her confidence (in real life this quote came from Babe Ruth).
She stands up to Fiona, quits her job at the diner, and moves in with Rhonda, who also quits along with the entire diner staff, all of whom had only put up with so many years of Fiona's abuse after Hal's death for Sam's sake.
The customers, who witness the entire scene, promptly leave in disgust as well.
Before the school's homecoming football game, Sam confronts Austin about his cowardice and not defending her at the pep rally.
Before the final play of the game, he sees Sam making her way out of the stands, and finally stands up to his father, saying he wants to attend Princeton rather than simply play football all his life.
He chases after Sam and apologizes.
She accepts his apology and they share their first kiss as rain falls over the drought-plagued valley.
Soon after, Sam finds Hal's will hidden in her childhood fairy-tale book, stating that all of his money & possessions actually belong to her.
Since this leaves her as their rightful and legal owner, Sam sells her stepfamily's fancy cars so that she can pay for college, and Fiona, who signed the will as a witness but claims to have never seen it before, is arrested by the police.
Fiona, Brianna, and Gabriella are made by the District Attorney to work off the money they stole from Sam at the diner, which is restored to its former glory by its new owners, Sam and Rhonda.
Sam finds that she was in fact accepted by Princeton; the acceptance letter is retrieved from the garbage by her stepsisters, who knew where Fiona hid it.
Also, Austin's father comes to accept his son's desire to attend Princeton.
Things even work out in the end for Carter as he makes a commercial for acne medication.
Shelby, having previously turned Carter down after he defended her at the Halloween dance, aims to pursue him since he is now popular, but after finally seeing her true colors, he turns her down for Astrid, the high school's goth DJ and announcer.
The film ends with Sam and Austin, now officially a couple, driving off to Princeton together.
Maggie Prescott (Kay Thompson) is a fashion magazine publisher and editor, for Quality magazine, who is looking for the next big fashion trend.
She wants a new look for the magazine.
Maggie wants the look to be both "beautiful" and "intellectual".
She and famous fashion photographer Dick Avery (Fred Astaire) want models who can "think as well as they look".
The two brainstorm and come up with the idea to find a "sinister-looking" book store in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan.
They subsequently find a bookstore named "Embryo Concepts".
Maggie and Dick take over Embryo Concepts, which is being run by the shy bookshop clerk and amateur philosopher, Jo Stockton (Audrey Hepburn).
Jo thinks the fashion and modeling industry is nonsense, saying: "it is chichi, and an unrealistic approach to self-impressions as well as economics".
Maggie decides to use Jo in the first fashion shot, to give it a more intellectual look.
After the first shot Maggie locks Jo out of the shop to keep her from interrupting the rest of the photo shoot.
What Jo wants more than anything else in the world is to go to Paris and attend the famous philosopher/professor Emile Flostre's (Michel Auclair) lectures about empathicalism.
When Dick gets back to the darkroom, he sees something in Jo's face which is "new" and "fresh", and which would be perfect for the campaign, giving it "character", "spirit", and "intelligence".
They send for Jo, pretending they want to order some books from her shop.
Once she arrives, they start treating her like a doll, trying to make her over, pulling at her clothes and attempting to cut her hair.
She is outraged and runs away, only to hide in the darkroom where Dick is working.
When Dick mentions Paris, Jo becomes very interested in that she would get a chance to see Professor Flostre, and is finally convinced to model for the magazine.
Soon, Maggie, Dick, and Jo are off to Paris to prepare for a major fashion event, shooting photos at famous landmarks from the area.
During the various photo shoots, Jo and Dick develop feelings for each other and they fall in love.
One night, when Jo is getting ready for a gala, she learns that Flostre is giving a lecture at a cafe nearby.
She attends, forgetting the gala.
Eventually, Dick finds her and they get into an argument at the gala's opening, which results in Jo being publicly embarrassed and Maggie outraged.
Jo goes to talk to Flostre at his home.
Through some scheming, Maggie and Dick make it into the soiree at Flostre's home.
After performing an impromptu song and dance for Flostre's disciples, they confront Jo and Flostre.
This eventually leads to Dick causing Flostre to fall and knock himself out.
Jo urges them to leave.
When Flostre wakes up, he tries to make a pass at Jo.
Shocked at the behavior of her "idol", she smashes a vase over his head and runs out.
Before the group leaves for home, there is a final fashion show.
Jo and Maggie try to get in touch with Dick, who has made plans to leave Paris.
Jo does the runway show and before her wedding gown finale, she looks out the window and sees the plane Dick was supposed to be on, take off.
Heartbroken, she runs off the runway in tears at the conclusion of the show.
Meanwhile, Dick is at the airport.
He runs into Flostre and learns that Jo bashed him on the head with a vase.
Dick, realizing how much he cares, goes back to find Jo.
He goes back to the runway show, only to find that Jo is nowhere to be found.
Finally, after a long search, Dick finds Jo (in the wedding gown) by a little church where they shared a romantic moment during an earlier photo shoot.
They embrace and kiss.
Val Waxman (Allen) is a once prestigious film director lately reduced to overseeing cheesy television commercials in order to pay his bills and support his current live-in girlfriend, Lori (Debra Messing).
When he is thrown off his latest effort (a deodorant commercial being filmed in the frozen north), he desperately seeks a real movie project.
Out of the blue, Val receives an offer to direct a big-budget blockbuster movie to be set in New York City.
However, the offer comes from his former wife, Ellie (Téa Leoni), and her current boyfriend, Hal (Treat Williams), the studio head who stole Val's wife from him.
Pushed by his agent Al Hack (Mark Rydell), Val agrees to the project, but a psychosomatic ailment strikes him blind just before production is to begin.
With Al's encouragement and aid, Val keeps his blindness a secret from the cast and studio head.
The movie plays out with an aging director struggling to regain his vision, both literally and metaphorically.
In the end, Val's project costs $60 million—and flops.
Nevertheless, Val enjoys a "Hollywood ending" of his own—his movie is a hit in France.
After winning Ellie back, he happily proclaims, "Thank God the French exist".
Isabel Walker (Kate Hudson) travels to Paris to visit her sister, poet Roxy (Watts), who lives with her husband, Frenchman Claude-Henri, and her young daughter, Gennie.
Roxy is pregnant, but her husband has just walked out on her without explanation.
Isabel discovers that he has a married Russian lover, Magda Tellman, whom he intends to marry after securing a divorce from Roxy.
Roxy refuses to divorce him.
Paris-based American author Olivia Pace (Glenn Close), a friend of Roxy's, offers Isabel a job.
The sisters visit the Claide-Henri's family's country home for Sunday brunch, where Isabel meets Claude-Henri's mother (Leslie Caron), and her handsome middle-aged brother-in-law, Edgar.
Isabel also meets Yves, Olivia's protégé, and they begin an affair.
At the same time, she is attracted to the older, wealthy and married Edgar.
The two begin an affair, although Isabel continues to string Yves along.
Claude-Henri maintains a blasé attitude about his infidelity and insists on a divorce.
He also hopes to benefit from the French community property laws in the divorce, especially with regard to a painting owned by his wife's family.
His mistress, Magda Tellman, is married to a man who begins to stalk and harass Roxy, thinking her responsible for his wife's desertion.
Claude-Henri's cruelty and insensitivity take their toll on Roxy, and she attempts suicide in late pregnancy.
She survives and is supported by Isabel and her lawyer.
Roxy and Isabel's parents arrive from the US, which further complicates things when Edgar 's wife, Amelie, discovers the affair through Edgar's sister and Roxy's mother-in-law.
She and Claude-Henri's mother confront, not Isabel, but her mother.
Magda childishly teases her husband with her new relationship, and Claude-Henri is later found dead, murdered by Magda's husband in a crime of passion.
Tellman then follows the sisters on a family outing to the Eifell Tower, where he corners them and pulls a gun, demanding an opportunity to explain to an absent Roxy why he killed her husband.
After some persuasion, the distraught Tellman releases the gun to Isabel, who drops it into a Kelly bag, an expensive gift from Edgar, before throwing it off the Eiffel Tower.
Edgar, persuaded by his socially conscious family's concern, and tiring of his young lover, casually ends his affair with Isabel with a Chanel scarf and a lunch.
After Roxy's baby is born, she marries her lawyer.
Isabel begins a real relationship with Yves.
The disputed family painting of Saint Ursula by Georges de la Tour, rejected by the Louvre as worthless, sells for 45 million Euros, and because its ownership is no longer disputed on Claude-Henri's death, the money goes to the Walker family.
Students from the suburbs of Philadelphia are attending a high-school graduation party at a large house owned by a rich class member's family.
Preston Meyers (Ethan Embry) who was labeled as a geek and an outsider, plans to proclaim his love to his four-year secret crush Amanda Beckett (Jennifer Love Hewitt).
Amanda, the prom queen, had recently broken up with her immature arrogant jock boyfriend Mike Dexter (Peter Facinelli).
Mike is targeted by nerd classmate William Lichter (Charlie Korsmo), who is plotting revenge against him for years of bullying.
Preston's antisocial best friend Denise Fleming (Lauren Ambrose) has no intention of going to the party but is dragged along by Preston.
Kenny Fisher (Seth Green) is a wigger who plans on losing his virginity by the end of the night.
Amanda is consoled by the drunken girlfriends of Mike's jock friends, whom she realizes she has nothing in common with, and her own second-cousin, who tries to hit on her.
She tries to figure out if she has an identity beyond "Mike Dexter's girlfriend".
She discovers a letter addressed to her by Preston and, moved by its contents, makes it her mission to find him, but she doesn't know what he looks like and no one she asks gives any helpful descriptions.
Meanwhile, Denise and Kenny end up getting locked inside a bathroom, where they talk about their old friendship and how they had drifted apart; their conversation leads to the restoration of their friendship and escalates into them having sex.
Before the party, Mike convinces his fellow jock friends to dump their girlfriends and remain single as they go to college.
Later, an intoxicated Mike learns from Trip McNeely (Jerry O'Connell in a cameo)—a graduate and former stud from his high school—that in college, guys like them are "a dime a dozen".
Trip emphasizes how he dumped his girlfriend in the same fashion that Mike did to score with women and was unsuccessful.
Terrified, Mike tries to get Amanda back, but she is happier without him and humiliates him in front of everyone at the party.
Preston finds Amanda and confesses his love, but she assumes he is another pervert and rejects him in front of the entire class.
She later realizes her mistake when she sees Preston's yearbook picture and tries to find him, but he has driven home.
At the same time, William devises his plan to get revenge on Mike.
He has two X-Files-obsessed friends wait on the roof, while he goes into the party to drive Mike out.
While inside the party, William begins drinking alcohol to fit in, and drinks enough to make him forget what he is doing there.
An impromptu sing-along to Guns N' Roses' "Paradise City" causes him to become popular.
William begins talking with Mike, who apologizes for bullying him.
William forgives him, and the two seemingly become friends.
When Mike and William are jailed as a result of a police bust, Mike takes the blame.
The next morning, when William sees Mike and some of his friends at a diner, he tries to thank Mike for taking the fall.
But Mike acts as though he remembers nothing that happened the previous night and ridicules William in front of his friends.
Meanwhile, Preston is at a railway station, about to leave for Boston.
Amanda visits Preston at the station and asks him about the letter.
Preston confesses he wrote it and is about to depart for a writing workshop with Kurt Vonnegut.
The two say goodbye, but soon, Preston stops and runs back to Amanda, and they kiss.
As the film ends, the characters' fates are revealed:.
Henry Roth is a veterinarian at Sea Life Park on the island of Oahu, Hawaii.
He has a reputation of womanizing female tourists and does not display any interest in committing to a serious relationship.
Henry's closest friends are Ula, a marijuana-smoking Islander; his assistant Alexa, whose gender is unclear; Willy, his pet African penguin; and Jocko, a walrus.
One day Henry’s boat breaks down while he is sailing around Oahu.
He goes to the Hukilau Café to wait for the Coast Guard.
There he sees a young woman named Lucy Whitmore, who makes architectural art with her waffles.
Henry thinks she is a local, which prevents him from introducing himself, but the next day he comes back.
Lucy and he hit it off instantly and she asks him to meet her again tomorrow morning.
When Henry goes back to the café, Lucy does not have any recollection of ever meeting him.
The restaurant owner Sue (Amy Hill) explains to Henry that one year ago, Lucy and her father Marlin went up to the North Shore to pick a pineapple for his birthday.
On the way back, they had a serious car accident that left Lucy with anterograde amnesia and she wakes up every morning thinking it is October 13, 2002.
To save her the heartbreak of reliving the accident every day, Marlin and Doug, Lucy's lisping steroid-addicted brother, re-enact Marlin's birthday by following a script, including putting out October 13's Sunday newspaper, rewatching the same Minnesota Vikings game, and refilling Lucy's shampoo bottles.
Despite Sue's warning, Henry invites Lucy to have breakfast with him.
Eventually she does, but it ends poorly when Henry unintentionally hurts Lucy’s feelings.
He follows her home to apologize where Marlin and Doug instruct Henry to leave Lucy alone.
Henry begins concocting ways to run into Lucy on the following days, such as pretending to have car trouble, creating a fake road block, or by having Ula beat him up.
Eventually, Marlin and Doug figure this out due to Lucy singing The Beach Boys' "Wouldn't It Be Nice" on the days when she meets Henry.
One day, as Henry is about to sit with Lucy at breakfast, she notices a police officer writing her a ticket for her expired plates.
Lucy attempts to argue that they are not yet expired, and takes a newspaper to prove herself, but sees that the date on all the newspapers is not October as she thought.
When she rushes home, Marlin and Doug are forced to admit their ruse (and presumably not for the first time; when Marlin sees Lucy's frantic behavior as her truck pulls up to the house, he immediately realizes what happened and loudly announces to Doug that Lucy "had a bad day").
Henry comes up with an idea to make a video explaining to Lucy her accident and their relationship.
Although Lucy is upset over understanding about her accident and memory loss, Henry believes that she is more upset realizing her life is a lie every day.
Because of this, Henry, Marlin and Doug show Lucy the tape every morning and help her spend her days by picking up where the tape says she left off.
She spends more time with Henry and goes to see some of her old friends.
Lucy decides to erase Henry completely from her life after learning of his decision not to take a sailing trip to Bristol Bay to study walruses, something he has been planning for the past 10 years.
Although Henry would rather spend that year making Lucy fall in love with him everyday rather than go on the sailing trip, Lucy is convinced she is a burden on him and is preventing Henry from really living his life.
Henry reluctantly helps Lucy destroy her journal entries of their relationship.
A few weeks later, Henry is preparing to leave for his sailing trip.
Before he departs, Marlin tells him that Lucy is now living at the brain institute and teaching an art class.
He also tells him that she sings.
Then he gives Henry a Beach Boys CD.
Listening to the CD, Henry becomes emotional and curses Marlin for giving him the CD and causing him to miss Lucy.
He then remembers that Marlin once told him that Lucy only sings after she meets him.
Concluding that Lucy remembers him, he returns home.
Henry rushes to the brain institute where Lucy now resides and asks if she knows who he is.
Lucy says she does not know him but shows him the pictures she has painted of him, saying she dreams about him every night.
Some time later, Lucy wakes up and plays a video tape marked "Good Morning Lucy".
It again informs her of her accident, but ends with her and Henry’s wedding.
On the tape, Henry says to put a jacket on and come have breakfast when she is ready.
Lucy then sees that she is on Henry’s boat, which finally made it to Alaska.
She goes up on deck and meets Marlin, Henry and their daughter, Nicole.
The film opens with Tom and Sarah in the airport, then flashes back from the moment they met up to the present.
Working-class Tom Leezak and upper-class Sarah McNerney meet up when Tom accidentally hits Sarah with a football.
A few months later, despite opposition from Sarah's rich family, they get married.
They have kept a secret from each other: Tom doesn't tell Sarah that he accidentally killed her dog and Sarah doesn't tell Tom that she slept with Peter Prentiss, an old boyfriend and her family's friend, after she and Tom started dating.
Flying to Europe for their honeymoon, they attempt to consummate their marriage by joining the mile high club, but fail rather publicly.
They arrive at their classy hotel at the foot of the Alps to find that Peter has sent them a bottle of cognac "with love", while Tom's friend Kyle has sent them a Thunderstick A-200 sex toy.
Tom tries to force the toy's American plug into the European outlet and he shuts down the entire village's electricity.
The newlyweds leave the hotel after Tom has a heated argument with the hotel owner and pays a large bill to repair the power.
While trying to find another hotel they crash their undersized car into a snowbank, stuck until daylight and once again unable to consummate their marriage.
They make their way to Venice, staying at a pensione recommended by Tom's father.
The pensione turns out to be a wreck, and they soon check out after a cockroach crawls over Tom when they tried to have sex.
The couple secure a nice Venetian hotel with the grudging financial help of Sarah's father.
They go sightseeing, but Tom quickly gets bored and abandons Sarah so he can watch sports in a bar.
Sarah runs into Peter, who is staying at their hotel on business.
This prompts her to initiate a conversation with Tom in which he reveals that he accidentally killed her dog and she reveals she slept with Peter.
The couple storm out of the hotel and each go their separate ways: Tom going back to the bar, where he meets American tourist Wendy, and Sarah going sightseeing, where Peter follows her.
Wendy flirts and dances with Tom, who escapes through a bathroom window when he realizes she wants to have sex with him.
He returns to the hotel, only to learn from the maître d' that Sarah has gone out with Peter for the evening.
Tom returns to the bar, only to be accosted by Wendy again.
Tom tries to think of a clever way to get out of his situation, and finds himself tricked into walking her to his hotel room, where the girl rips off her top before Tom blurts out that he's on his honeymoon, upon which the girl finally leaves.
Sarah gets drunk so Peter takes her back to the hotel.
When he kisses her at the entrance, she slaps him and reminds him that she's on her honeymoon.
Tom sees the kiss from the balcony but not the slap.
When Tom confronts her in their room, Sarah finds Wendy's bra.
Peter bursts in to ask Sarah to run away with him to Seattle, leading to a fight that lands Tom and Sarah in jail &ndash; still without consummating their marriage.
Peter bails them out and the couple angrily decide to go home to Los Angeles, returning to the opening moments of the film.
Sarah has moved out and Tom wants to get back with her.
Upon receiving advice from his father, Tom attempts to see Sarah at her family's estate, but gives up after unsuccessfully trying to ram the gate.
However, Sarah opens the gate herself after seeing Tom make a romantic speech to the camera and the two rush out to proclaim their love for each other.
Sarah's family finally accepts Tom and Sarah's relationship.
A group of CIA officers watch a video presentation of a top-secret project called "Crossbow": a space shuttle mounted with a computer-guided laser weapon capable of incinerating a man on the ground with pinpoint accuracy.
Researchers on the project have yet to devise a system to generate enough power to operate it.
When it becomes clear that this weapon has no wartime applications and is intended solely for illegal assassinations, one agent decries the project as immoral and refuses to take part.
The remaining agents discuss eliminating the dissenting agent before going to lunch.
Professor Jerry Hathaway meets high school student Mitch Taylor at the school's science fair.
He informs Mitch that he has been admitted to Pacific Technical University, where he will room with physics "legend" Chris Knight.
Hathaway is secretly developing the laser for the CIA, but instead of doing the work himself, he has his unpaid students do it, while misappropriating the project funding to remodel his house.
Arriving on campus, Mitch meets Chris and is disappointed to learn that he is an irreverent slacker who spends his time pulling elaborate high tech pranks.
Mitch also meets Jordan, a hyperkinetic female student, "Ick" Ikagami, a brilliant and affable foil to Chris's antics, and the mysterious Lazlo Hollyfeld, a middle-aged man who seems to be living in Mitch's closet.
Hathaway's sycophantic graduate assistant Kent becomes hostile when Hathaway puts Mitch in charge of the laser project.
Under pressure to get results, Hathaway gives Chris an unrealistic timetable, which Chris dismisses.
When Mitch is caught attending Chris' pool party instead of working in the lab, Hathaway berates him.
The next day Mitch is mortified when a recording of his tearful phone call to his parents is played over a loudspeaker system during lunch, a prank conceived by Kent and his cronies.
Humiliated, Mitch is ready to quit school.
Chris convinces him to stay by explaining to him that Lazlo was the top genius at Pacific Tech in the 1970s, but suffered a breakdown when he learned that his theories were being used to build weapons.
Chris tells Mitch that if he does not want to "crack" like Hollyfeld, he must learn to have fun, and the first order of business is to get even with Kent, calling it a "moral imperative" to do so.
They accomplish this by disassembling Kent's car and rebuilding it inside his dorm room.
Kent vows revenge.
Under increasing pressure from the CIA, Hathaway berates Chris for failing to solve the laser power problem and promises to fail him and prevent him from graduating.
After a pep-talk from Mitch, Chris devotes himself to solving the power problem and achieving a perfect score on Hathaway's final exam.
Mitch is accosted by Sherry Nugel, a beautiful older woman who seeks amorous encounters with the top ten geniuses in the country.
Mitch turns her down, realizing he's in love with Jordan, and the two become a couple.
Though Chris aces Hathway's exam, Chris and Mitch's efforts appear to be ruined when Kent sabotages the laser.
In a fit of anger at the laser's destruction, he has an epiphany that solves the power problem.
The beam of the redesigned laser has unlimited range and produces an estimated six megawatts of power, exceeding the original requirement.
While the team celebrates its success, Lazlo insists that the high-energy laser can only be used as a weapon, and in fact that it must have been conceived for this purpose.
Chris is devastated.
Hathaway has removed the laser from the lab.
Chris, Mitch, Ick and Jordan trick Kent into revealing the date when the laser is going to be tested by placing a microphone in his braces and convincing him that God is talking to him.
The group tails Hathaway to a nearby Air Force base.
While Chris and Mitch talk their way onto the base, Lazlo remotely cracks the laser's computer and changes its target coordinates to Hathaway's house, where the team has placed a huge tin of popcorn.
Meanwhile, Chris and Mitch remove circuits that prevent the laser from overheating.
When the laser beam hits the house, it is diffused by a prism placed by Chris and the popcorn heats and expands; the house bursts at the seams as popcorn pours out onto the lawn.
Kent "rides" the flowing popcorn out of the front door unharmed and laughing, thinking the incident was religious in nature.
The group, reveling in their success, greet an arriving Lazlo accompanied by Sherry, riding in a motor home pulling a trailer full of prizes he won in a sweepstakes.
He and Sherry indicate they intend to run off together as he is the genius she's been looking for all this time.
Hathaway arrives home and in disbelief, assesses his ruined home.
The story begins with Agnes Nitt leaving Lancre to seek a career at the Opera House in Ankh-Morpork.
When Granny Weatherwax realizes Nanny Ogg has written an immensely popular cookbook but has not been paid by the publisher, the witches also leave for Ankh-Morpork to collect the money, as well as to attempt to recruit Agnes into their coven, to replace Magrat Garlick who left the coven when she became Queen of Lancre (in Lords and Ladies).
This has the side benefit of distracting Granny from becoming obsessive and self-centered, or so Nanny believes to her great relief.
Agnes Nitt is chosen as a member of the chorus, where she meets Christine, a more popular but less talented girl.
The Opera House Ghost, who has long haunted the opera house without much incident, begins to commit seemingly random murders staged as "accidents", and also requests that Christine be given lead roles in several upcoming productions.
Due to her incredibly powerful and versatile voice, Agnes is asked to sing the parts from the background, unbeknownst to Christine or the audience.
Having discovered the problems at the opera house and also having coerced the publisher to pay Nanny richly for her book, the witches investigate the mystery, with Granny posing as a rich patron, and Nanny insinuating herself into the opera house staff.
Agnes unmasks Walter Plinge, the janitor, as the ghost, though as he is seemingly harmless, the others are unconvinced.
Another employee is suspected, but turns out to be a member of the Cable Street Particulars.
The witches determine that the finances of the Opera House, which are a complete mess, have been made so intentionally in order to hide the fact that money is being stolen, with the murders being used either as a distraction or to cover evidence.
It is finally revealed that two people had been masquerading as the ghost.
The original (and harmless) ghost, Walter Plinge, was being psychologically manipulated by the second ghost, Mr Salzella (Director of Music at the Opera House), who assumed the identity to commit the murders and theft.
With the witches' help, Walter is able to overcome his fears and help defeat the murderer, who is killed by believing that the fencing staged in opera is actual lethal swordplay, dying despite not actually being injured.
Walter then goes on to become the new Director of Music, integrating his own music into the opera, turning them into musicals.
The film is about the coming of age of two sisters and their friend through the romantic lives of the three main characters: Kat Arujo (Annabeth Gish), Daisy Arujo (Julia Roberts), and Jojo Barbosa (Lili Taylor), who are waitresses at Mystic Pizza in Mystic, Connecticut.
In the film, Mystic is represented as a fishing town with a large Portuguese-American population.
The film also touches on an Old World work ethic.
Kat and Daisy are sisters and rivals: Kat studies astronomy, works at the planetarium in the famous Whaling Museum of The Mystic Seaport, as well as the restaurant, and has been accepted to attend Yale University on a partial scholarship.
Daisy just wants to find love through lust while trying to get out of Mystic.
Kat is the apple of her Portuguese mother's eye, while Daisy is not because her mother feels she is more wild and is not as goal-oriented as her younger sister.
Daisy meets a handsome young man named Charles (Adam Storke) at a bar, and the two are immediately attracted to each other, and begin a relationship, much to her mother's dismay, believing that the relationship will prevent her making something of herself like Kat.
However, at a family dinner, his relatives unintentionally make insensitive comments about her ethnicity, and Charles overreacts.
Daisy breaks up with him, believing that his family's remarks were harmless and that he was simply using her to show up his parents.
There is also chemistry between Kat and her Anglo-American employer, Tim (William Moses), a father who has hired her to look after his young daughter, Phoebe, while his wife is away.
A relationship develops between them, and they eventually make love, but it results in heartache for Kat when the wife returns and her illusion of an actual relationship with Tim is shattered.
Daisy and Kat bond when Kat is devastated after Tim's and her evening together and Daisy comforts her baby sister.
Jojo is trying to have sex with her boyfriend Bill (Vincent D'Onofrio), whom she attempted to marry at the beginning of the movie, but fainted after deciding she couldn't go through with it.
However, Bill refuses to have sex with her until they are married, which is something she still isn't ready for.
Seeing how she tries to look for every chance to have sex with him, Bill believes that Jojo doesn't love him like he does her, and is only after him for sex, and breaks up with her.
After all those events, at work, a famous TV food critic, nicknamed "The Fireside Gourmet" (Louis Turenne), comes to the pizzeria to sample a pizza.
Not showing any emotion towards the pizza that he eats, he leaves after eating only a few bites, leaving the girls in suspense.
However, a few days later, the critic gives the pizzeria his highest rating, calling it "superb".
In the end, Kat receives her last paycheck from Tim (which she tears up and throws away), and never sees him again.
Jojo finally agrees to marry Bill, and at their wedding, Daisy and Charles reconcile.
The film ends with the three girls together overlooking the water from the balcony of the restaurant, reminiscing about their time together.
A career bank robber, Jack Foley, and aS.
Marshal, Karen Sisco, are forced to share a car trunk during Foley's escape from a Florida prison.
After he completes his getaway, Foley is chased by Sisco while he and his friends—right-hand man Buddy and unreliable associate Glenn—work their way north to Bloomfield Hills, a wealthy northern suburb of Detroit.
There they plan to pay a visit to shady businessman Ripley, who foolishly bragged to them in prison years before about a cache of uncut diamonds hidden in his home.
A vicious criminal named Maurice Miller, who also spent time in jail with Jack and Ripley, is planning on hitting up Ripley's mansion with his own crew, including Kenneth and White Boy Bob.
A romantic interlude between Foley and Sisco takes place in a Detroit hotel, but the question of whether she is really pursuing Foley to arrest him or for love ends in a showdown during the robbery at Ripley's home and adds to "the fun" Foley claims they are having.
Shy, soft-spoken Joel Barish and the unrestrained free-spirit Clementine Kruczynski begin a relationship on a Long Island Rail Road train from Montauk, New York to Rockville Centre.
They are almost immediately drawn to each other despite their different personalities, though both had felt the need to travel to Montauk that day.
Although they do not realize it at the time, Joel and Clementine are, in fact, former lovers, now separated after having spent two years together.
After a fight, Clementine had hired the New York City firm Lacuna, Inc.
to erase all of her memories of their relationship.
Upon discovering this from his friends Rob and Carrie, Joel was devastated and decided to undergo the procedure himself, a process that takes place while he sleeps.
Much of the film subsequently takes place in Joel's mind, during this memory erasure procedure.
As his memories are erased, he tries to evade the erasing effects of the procedure by hiding Clementine in remote parts of his subconscious.
Joel finds himself revisiting them in reverse.
Upon seeing happier times of love with Clementine from earlier in their relationship, he struggles to preserve at least some memory of her and his love for her.
Despite his efforts to either hide the memories or wake up and stop the process, the memories are slowly erased.
He comes to the last remaining memory of Clementine, the day he had first met her at a beach house in Montauk.
As this memory disintegrates around them, she tells him, "Meet me in Montauk".
Separate, but related, story arcs, which revolve around the employees of Lacuna, are revealed during Joel's memory erasure.
Patrick, one of the Lacuna technicians performing the erasure, uses Joel's memories and mannerisms to seduce Clementine.
Mary, the Lacuna receptionist, is dating the other memory-erasing technician, Stan.
During Joel's memory wipe, Mary discovers she had previously had an affair with dr Howard Mierzwiak, the married doctor who heads the company, and had agreed to have this erased from her memory when dr Mierzwiak's wife found out.
On learning this, she asks Stan whether he knew about this, to which he claims that he didn't.
Mary then quits her job and steals the company's records, and mails the two former clients their records from Lacuna.
The film returns to the present, after Joel and Clementine have met aboard the train.
They both come upon their Lacuna records later that day, and react with shock and bewilderment, because they have no clear memory of having known each other, let alone having had a relationship and having had their memories erased.
Joel beckons Clementine to start over; Clementine initially resists, pointing out it could go the same way.
Joel accepts this, and they decide to attempt a relationship anyway, starting their life together anew.
Strictly Ballroom tells the story of an Australian ballroom dancer, Scott Hastings (Paul Mercurio), and his struggle to establish his personal style of dance on his way to win the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix Dancing Championship.
Scott's steps are not strictly ballroom.
Scott comes from a family with a history of ballroom dancing and has been training since childhood.
Scott's mother Shirley teaches ballroom dancing, and his father Doug meekly handles maintenance chores at the dance studio.
After losing a competition to a rival pair, because Scott started dancing his own steps, his dancing partner Liz Holt (Gia Carides) leaves him for the rival male, Ken Railings, after his partner Pam Short breaks both her legs in a car accident.
With only weeks before the next Pan-Pacific competition, try-outs begin to find Scott a new dance partner but, unknown to his parents, Scott secretly begins rehearsing with frumpy outsider Fran (Tara Morice), a beginner dancer at his parents' studio.
Scott is initially sceptical, but when Fran introduces pasodoble steps into their routine, Scott realises her potential.
He walks her home one night and finds her Spanish family living in a tiny home next to the railway tracks, where Fran's family show him the authentic Spanish pasodoble style.
As their rehearsals progress, Fran grows more attractive and self-confident.
A few days before the Pan-Pacifics, Fran's family decide they are ready to dance pasodoble.
Scott and Fran are walking together and talking until they kiss, as they were already in love.
When Scott returns to the dance studio, he finds Barry Fife, the conniving president of the Australian Dancing Federation who proceeds to tell him "the truth" about his parents, Doug and Shirley — they too were ballroom dancing champions, especially his father, until they lost the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix because of Doug's self-obsession and unorthodox dance steps.
According to Barry losing the contest left Doug a broken man, sustained by the hope that one day his son would learn from his father's mistakes and win the Grand Prix.
Scott is convinced to dance with Liz instead of Fran so he can win "for his father's sake".
However, this is later revealed as a lie, part of Barry's plot to fix the competition so Scott and Liz will lose.
Scott starts training with Liz, while a heart-broken Fran goes back to the beginners' class.
At the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix, Scott's friend Wayne Burns and his partner Vanessa Cronin overhear Fife talking to Ken and his partner Tina Sparkle saying that they will win no matter what.
Wayne tells Les Kendall (Scott's coach, Doug and Shirley's friend and one of the judges) who then confronts Fife about it.
Meanwhile, Doug finally manages to pull Scott aside and tells him the real story — Doug never danced at the competition because Barry convinced Shirley the only way to win was to dance the conventional steps with Les, but Shirley and Les lost the contest anyway.
After hearing his father's revelation, Scott finds Fran and asks her to dance with him.
Fife tries to cut the music and stop them from dancing but Scott's sister Kylie and her partner Luke (from the children's division) interfere until Fife's loyal companion Charm Leachman cuts the music.
Fife then disqualifies them, but Doug, along with Fran's family, claps out a beat which encourages Scott and Fran to "dance from the heart", drawing cheers from the crowd and tears of joy from Doug.
Finally, Liz, having had a change of heart, turns on Barry and Leachman and restores the music.
The couple's spirited dancing brings down the house.
Doug asks Shirley to dance with him and the whole audience joins them on the floor.
As the performance finishes, Scott and Fran kiss, the competition forgotten, as it was never about winning or losing.
Reuben Feffer (Ben Stiller), a life insurance underwriter, is celebrating his honeymoon with newlywed wife, Lisa Kramer (Debra Messing), on the island of st Barts, but catches her having sex with Claude (Hank Azaria), a French scuba instructor.
Returning home to New York alone, he attempts to piece his life back together.
Reuben goes to an art gallery with his friend, Sandy Lyle (Philip Seymour Hoffman), where he runs into former junior high school classmate Polly Prince (Jennifer Aniston).
Reuben and Polly begin dating, with her introducing him to activities he once wrote off as "too risky", such as eating at a Moroccan restaurant and salsa dancing, which culminates with the pair enthusiastically having a successful bang session together, with Reuben shouting "50" as he orgasms.
The contrast between their two personalities is a source of comedy throughout the film until Lisa returns and tells him she wants to reconcile their relationship.
Meanwhile, Sandy, a self-centered, former teen idol, is trying to make a comeback by having a documentary filmed about his starring role as Judas in an amateur production of Jesus Christ Superstar.
Reuben is torn between the free-spirited Polly and the safe and familiar Lisa.
To solve this issue, he enters information about Polly and Lisa into a computer insurance program which measures risk.
The computer tells him that, despite his numerous blunders with her, Polly is the best choice for him.
Polly joins Reuben on a sailing trip where he is to inspect Leland Van Lew (Bryan Brown), a high-risk client, but she is offended when she sees his risk analysis of her.
She rejects his proposal to move in together, telling him that he would be better off going back to Lisa.
Back home, Reuben tries talking to Polly, but to no avail.
He eventually invites Lisa to Sandy's opening show, where he learns that Polly is leaving New York for Cincinnati in a few hours.
After a speech given by his father, Irving (Bob Dishy), to Sandy about not living in the past, Reuben realizes he wants to be with Polly and not Lisa, and he rushes to her apartment to stop her from leaving.
Polly is not convinced she should stay with him, so Reuben eats food off the ground to prove he is capable of taking risks.
Reuben and Polly vacation on the same beach where Lisa and he had their honeymoon.
Reuben again encounters Claude, but instead of being angry, he thanks Claude before heading into the water with Polly to join Van Lew on his new boat.
Joel Goodson is a senior student in a normal high school who lives with his wealthy parents in the North Shore area of suburban Chicago.
His father wants him to attend Princeton University, his alma mater, so Joel participates in Future Enterprisers, an extracurricular activity in which students work in teams to create small businesses.
When his parents go away on a trip, Joel's friend, Miles, convinces him to take advantage of his newfound freedom to have some fun.
On the first night, he raids the liquor cabinet, plays the stereo loudly, and dances around the living room in his underwear and pink dress shirt to "Old Time Rock and Roll".
The following day, Miles calls a call girl named Jackie on Joel's behalf.
Jackie turns out to be a tall, masculine transvestite.
Joel pays Jackie to go away, but before she leaves, she gives Joel the number for Lana, another prostitute.
That night, Joel is unable to sleep and hesitantly calls Lana.
She turns out to be a gorgeous blonde and they have sex all night.
Lana asks Joel for $300 for her services.
He goes to the bank, but when he returns, Lana is gone, along with his mother's expensive Steuben glass egg.
Joel finds Lana and demands the egg back, but they are interrupted by Lana's pimp Guido, who pulls a gun.
While in his father's Porsche 928, Joel is chased by Guido, but eventually escapes.
Lana tells Joel that the egg is with the rest of her stuff at Guido's.
Joel lets Lana stay at his house while he goes to school.
When he returns, his friends are over, and Lana has invited another prostitute Vicki to stay, but Joel rejects the idea.
That night, Joel, Lana, Vicki, and Joel's friend Barry go out.
They get stoned, and while Vicky and Barry wander away, Joel and Lana talk.
Lana takes exception to something Joel says and leaves.
While retrieving her purse from Joel's car, she moves the shifter out of gear.
Moments later, the car rolls down the hill and onto a pier, despite Joel's futile attempt to stop it.
The pier collapses, dumping the Porsche into Lake Michigan.
When Joel takes the car to a repair shop, he is horrified to learn how much it will cost to fix it.
He and Lana later decide to turn his parents' house into a brothel for a night; Joel's share of the profits will pay for the car repairs.
The party is a huge success; the house is packed with Joel's friends and classmates and Lana's co-workers.
However, Rutherford chooses that night to evaluate Joel for admission to Princeton.
The interview is plagued by interruptions, and Rutherford is unimpressed by Joel's resume.
Afterwards, he stays at the party and becomes acquainted with Lana's friends.
After the party, Joel and Lana go and have sex on the deserted Chicago 'L'.
The next morning, Joel finds his house has been burgled.
When he tries to call Lana, Guido answers; he tells Joel that he will let Joel buy back his furniture.
Fortunately, Joel and his friends manage to get everything moved back in just as his parents walk in, though his mother notices a crack in her egg.
Later, Joel's father congratulates him; the interviewer was very impressed and has indicated Joel will be accepted into Princeton.
Joel meets Lana at a restaurant, and they speculate about their future.
She tells him that she wants to keep on seeing him; he jokes that it will cost her.
The remastered 25th-anniversary edition offers "both the upbeat studio ending and mr Brickman's original, more tentative and melancholic conclusion".
Andie Anderson (Kate Hudson) is a writer who works for a magazine called Composure as the "How to.
".
girl.
She is bored and wishes she could write more about important things, such as politics, economics, religion, poverty; stuff she actually cares about.
She soon finds herself writing an article called "How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days".
The idea comes about when Andie's friend, Michelle (Kathryn Hahn), experiences a minor breakdown after yet another break-up.
Using her friend as inspiration, Andie reveals how she will actually start dating a guy and drive him away but "only using the classic mistakes women make".
At the same time, advertising executive Benjamin Barry (Matthew McConaughey) is striving for a pitch to advertise diamonds.
When they question Ben's knowledge about love, Ben bets he could make any woman fall in love with him if he wanted to.
If he can make any woman fall in love with him before the upcoming company ball, in just 10 days, he can head the advertising for the new diamond company.
Ben's rival co-workers, Judy Spears (Michael Michele) and Judy Green (Shalom Harlow), who were at Composure magazine earlier and are aware of Andie's new assignment, conspire to have Andie and Ben meet that night and start their quests.
Fortunately, that night Andie and Ben happen to be in the same place and as Judy and Judy refer to Andie as "the blonde with the pretty smile", Ben thinks it is a done deal.
Neither Andie nor Ben reveals their true intentions.
Andie works hard to make Ben break up with her in order to complete her article.
However, Ben continues to stick around in hopes of making her fall in love with him.
Andie goes on to get Ben knocked out at a chick flick, rapidly moves her things into his apartment, acts overly possessive and sensitive at all times, ruins boys' poker night for him and his friends, and takes him to a Celine Dion concert when he was under the assumption he was going to see a New York Knicks basketball game.
Ben stays with her despite everything, and after coming very close to breaking up they attend couples counseling, led by Andie's friend Michelle.
They agree, as a solution to their "problems", to visit Ben's family in Staten Island for the weekend.
While holidaying together, Ben and Andie begin to form a genuine bond, playing card games with the family, learning to ride Ben's motorcycle.
Upon arrival home Ben even refers to Andie as "his girlfriend".
Andie tries to explain to boss Lana (Bebe Neuwirth) that she cannot continue writing and publishing this article as she has "really got to know this guy", but Lana remains insistent upon it.
Around the same time, Andie and Ben go to the company ball together where Ben's boss, Phillip (Robert Klein), meets Andie and tells Ben that he "met her, she loves you, you win".
Seeing Ben's good news, Judy and Judy are instantly envious and set about to ruin it for their co-worker.
They tell his close colleagues, Tony (Adam Goldberg) and Thayer (Thomas Lennon), Andie knew about the bet all along and was playing along to help Ben win.
Almost instantly, Tony and Thayer rush to Andie's side and beg her to keep quiet, when they do not realize she is still blissfully unaware.
Almost simultaneously, Lana—who is unaware of Ben's role in Andie's "How To" article—reveals Andie's true intentions to Ben.
Upon learning of Ben's bet, Andie attempts to humiliate Ben by getting on stage and telling all he has prepared a "special treat": to sing a song.
In an attempt to leave, Ben reveals they have prepared a "duet" and instructs his friends not to let her leave the room.
They go on to sing a poor version of Carly Simon's "You're So Vain", which they describe as "one of their personal favourites".
They go their separate ways before Ben is shown Andie's article and encouraged to read it.
She explains in it how she "lost the one person she ever fell for", and when he hears she quit her job at Composure and is on her way to Washington,C.
for an interview, he chases her taxi and stops her.
Once he accuses her of running away, they reveal their true feelings for each other and the film ends with Ben instructing the taxi driver to return Andie's belongings to her home, and then they kiss.
Wai-Tung Gao and Simon are a happy gay couple living in Manhattan.
Wai-Tung is in his late 20s, so his tradition-minded parents are eager to see him get married and have a child in order to continue the family line.
When Wai-Tung's parents hire a dating service, he and Simon stall for time by inventing impossible demands.
They demand an opera singer and add that she must be 5'9", have two PhDs, and speak five languages.
The service actually locates a 5'8" Chinese woman who sings Western opera, speaks five languages and has a single PhD.
She is very gracious when Wai-Tung explains his dilemma, as she, too, is hiding a relationship (with a Caucasian man).
At Simon's insistence, Wai-Tung decides to marry one of his tenants, Wei-Wei, a penniless artist from mainland China in need of a green card.
Besides helping Wei-Wei, Simon and Wai-Tung hope that this will placate Wai-Tung's parents.
Before Wai-Tung's parents arrive, Simon tells Wei-Wei everything she needs to know about Wai-Tung's habits, body, and lifestyle, and the three take down all homosexual content from their house and replace it with traditional Chinese scrolls.
mr and mrs Gao announce they will visit from Taiwan, bringing gifts and US$30,000 to hold an extravagant wedding for their son.
Wai-Tung dares not tell his parents the truth, because his father, a retired officer in the Chinese Nationalist Army, has just recovered from a stroke.
As a part of the lie, Wai-Tung introduces Simon as his landlord.
A day after Wai-Tung's parents arrive, he announces that Wei-Wei and he are planning to get their marriage certificate at city hall.
However, the heartbreak his mother experiences at the courthouse wedding prepares the story for a shift to drama.
The only way to atone for the disgraceful wedding is a magnificent wedding banquet, offered by mr Gao's former driver in the army who now owns a restaurant and reception hall.
After the banquet, Wei-Wei has sex with a drunken Wai-Tung, and becomes pregnant.
Simon is extremely upset when he finds out, and his relationship with Wai-Tung begins to deteriorate.
Shortly after, mr Gao has another stroke, and in a moment of anger, after a fight with both Simon and Wei-Wei, Wai-Tung admits the truth to his mother.
She is shocked and insists that he not tell his father.
However, the perceptive mr Gao has seen more than he is letting on; he secretly tells Simon that he knows about their relationship, and, appreciating the considerable sacrifices he made for his biological son, takes Simon as his son as well.
Simon accepts the Hongbao from Wai-Tung's father, a symbolic admission of their relationship.
mr Gao seeks and receives Simon's promise not to tell his secret for, as he points out, without the sham marriage, he'd never have a grandchild.
While en route to an appointment for an abortion, Wei-Wei decides to keep the baby, and asks Simon to stay together with Wai-Tung and be the baby's second father.
In the final parting scene, as Wai-Tung's parents prepare to fly home, mrs Gao has forged an emotional bond to daughter-in-law Wei-Wei.
mr Gao accepts Simon and warmly shakes his hand.
In the end, both derive some happiness from the situation, and they walk off to board the aircraft, leaving the unconventional family to sort itself out.
Professor Julius Kelp is a nerdy, scruffy, buck-toothed, accident-prone, socially awkward university professor whose experiments in the classroom laboratory are unsuccessful and highly destructive.
When a football-playing bully embarrasses and attacks him, Kelp decides to "beef up" by joining a local gym.
Kelp's lack of physical strength prompts him to invent a serum that turns him into the handsome, suave, charming and cheeky girl-chasing hipster, Buddy Love.
This new personality gives him the self-confidence to pursue one of his students, Stella Purdy.
Although she resents Love, she finds herself strangely attracted to him.
Buddy wows the crowd with his jazzy, breezy musical delivery and poised demeanor at the Purple Pit, a nightclub where the students hang out.
He also mocks a bartender and waitress and punches a student.
The formula wears off at inopportune times, often to Kelp's humiliation.
Although Kelp knows that his alternate persona is a bad person, he cannot prevent himself from continually taking the formula as he enjoys the attention that Love receives.
As Buddy performs at the annual student dance the formula starts to wear off.
His real identity now revealed, Kelp gives an impassioned speech, admitting his mistakes and seeking forgiveness.
Kelp says that the one thing he learned from being someone else is that if you don't like yourself, you can't expect others to like you.
Purdy meets Kelp backstage, and confesses that she prefers Kelp over Buddy Love.
Eventually, Kelp's formerly timid father chooses to market the formula (a copy of which Kelp had sent to his parents' home for safekeeping), endorsed by the deadpan president of the university who proclaims, "It's a gasser.
" Kelp's father makes a pitch to the chemistry class, and the students all rush forward to buy the new tonic.
In the confusion Kelp and Purdy slip out of the class.
Armed with a marriage license and two bottles of the formula, they elope.
During the short closing credits, each of the characters come out and bow down to the camera, and when Jerry Lewis, still portraying Kelp, comes out and bows, he trips and goes into the camera, breaking it and causing the picture to go black.
Multibillionaire Preston Blake freezes to death while on a mountain climbing expedition.
With no widow or legitimate children, it is initially unclear who would earn the right to Blake's massive fortune.
It is found that Blake has a living grandnephew named Longfellow Deeds (Adam Sandler), who runs a pizzeria in New Hampshire and also writes greeting cards in the hopes that Hallmark may be interested in one.
Deeds is contacted and flown to New York City by businessman Chuck Cedar (Peter Gallagher), who is temporarily in control of Blake Media.
Deeds' unorthodox helicopter trip includes a stop at a Wendy's for a Frosty as well as a singing of David Bowie's Space Oddity.
Once Deeds arrives in New York, plans are made for him to sell his shares in the company to Cedar and return home $40 billion richer, but he must remain in New York for a few days while all the legal details are worked out.
The story is major news, and reporter Babe Bennett (Winona Ryder), who works for a tabloid show called Inside Access, has a co-worker pretend to steal her purse in sight of Deeds, because their research indicated that Deeds wanted to meet a girl by "rescuing" her, the same way his father had met his mother.
Deeds does so, and beats up her "robber", and Babe goes out with him under the disguise of Pam Dawson, a school nurse from a made-up town called Winchestertonfieldville, Iowa (which later turns out to be a real town, which Babe is flabbergasted to find out).
Though Babe initially hopes to just get a good story on the new heir, she eventually falls for the unfailingly kind-hearted Deeds, and decides to tell him that she is not who she says she is, but Inside Access, in concert with Cedar (who was fed the truth by the fake robber and was smitten with Babe) reveals it to Deeds first.
Heartbroken and upset, Deeds decides to return home to Mandrake Falls and makes plans to donate his $40 billion inheritance to the United Negro College Fund.
After returning to Mandrake Falls, he learns from Crazy Eyes (Steve Buscemi) that Cedar intends to sell off the company, which will cause thousands of people to lose their jobs (Cedar had convinced Longfellow to sell his shares by lying that he will work commanding the company in honor of Preston's lifetime of work).
Babe follows Deeds to Mandrake Falls to win him back, but after saving her life when she falls through the ice over a lake, he rejects her, saying he does not really know who she is.
At a shareholders meeting, Cedar has everyone convinced to sell the company, until Deeds (who has bought a single share) arrives and manages to convince everyone not to sell.
But Cedar claims control of a majority of the shares and the sale is approved.
Bennett arrives and reveals that Emilio Lopez, Preston Blake's longtime butler is his illegitimate son and the true heir as a result of a younger Preston having an amorous affair with his maid in 1958 (at one point he had told Deeds that Blake treated him "like a son").
Realizing Emilio is his cousin, Deeds convinces him they must stop Cedar and that he is the rightful CEO.
As a result of Emilio supplanting Longfellow as the heir, Deeds' sale of shares are retracted and Cedar is fired.
Emilio immediately takes control of Blake Media.
Babe then reconciles with and kisses Deeds after professing her love for him.
As they leave the meeting, Emilio thanks Deeds for his support and offers him a billion dollars, some of which Deeds spends on red Corvettes for everyone in Mandrake Falls.
When he returns to the pizzeria with Babe, he learns that Hallmark is interested in buying one of his greeting cards: the one he wrote for Babe when he professed his love for her.
They both share a kiss as the movie ends with Crazy Eyes crashing his Corvette and coming out unharmed.
Shaun is an electronics salesman with no direction.
His younger colleagues disrespect him, he is estranged from his stepfather Philip (Bill Nighy), and his girlfriend Liz is unhappy spending every date at his favourite pub, the Winchester.
After a bad day at work, Shaun forgets to book a restaurant for his anniversary with Liz.
When he suggests the Winchester, Liz breaks up with him.
He drowns his sorrows with his housemate and best friend Ed at the Winchester.
At home, their housemate Pete, complaining of a bite wound from a drunk, berates Shaun for his lack of direction.
By morning, a zombie apocalypse has overwhelmed London, but the hungover Shaun is slow to notice.
He and Ed encounter two zombies in their garden and kill them with blows to the head.
They form a plan to rescue Shaun's mother, Barbara, and Liz, then wait out the crisis in the Winchester.
They escape in Pete's car, and pick up Barbara and Philip, who has been bitten, then Liz and her friends Dianne and David.
Philip makes peace with Shaun, dies from his bites, and reanimates as a zombie.
The group abandon the vehicle and continue on foot.
The streets surrounding the Winchester are overrun, so the group pretend to be zombies to sneak past them.
Outside the Winchester, Shaun distracts the horde away while the rest take refuge inside, where Shaun rejoins them.
Shaun discovers the Winchester rifle above the bar is functional and the group uses it to defend themselves.
Barbara reveals she has been bitten and dies after giving Liz and Shaun her blessing.
Shaun, distraught, is forced to shoot her after she reanimates.
David is torn apart by the zombies, while Dianne rushes out to rescue him, disappearing into the advancing horde.
Pete, zombified, bites Ed, but Shaun shoots Pete and sets fire to the bar.
The fire spreads, setting off the rifle ammunition while Shaun, Liz and Ed flee into the cellar and contemplate suicide.
Discovering a barrel hatch elevator that opens to the outside, Shaun and Liz escape as the wounded Ed volunteers to stay behind with the rifle.
The British Army arrives and guns down the remaining zombies.
Six months after the outbreak, civilisation has returned to normal, with zombies used as cheap labour and entertainment.
Liz and Shaun have moved in together, and Shaun keeps the zombified Ed tethered in the garden shed so they can play video games together.
Aspiring kickboxer Lloyd Dobler falls for valedictorian Diane Court at their high school graduation ceremony.
Lloyd lives with his sister Constance, a single mother, and has no plans for his future.
Diane has had a sheltered academic upbringing and lives with her doting divorced father Jim, who owns the retirement home where she works.
She is due to attend a fellowship in England at the end of the summer.
Diane accompanies Lloyd to a party, surprising their classmates.
During a dinner at the Court household, where Lloyd fails to impress Diane's family, Jim is informed that he is under investigation by the Internal Revenue Service.
Diane takes Lloyd to meet the residents of the retirement home and he teaches her to drive her stickshift car.
Their relationship grows intimate and they have sex, to her father's concern.
Lloyd's musician friend Corey, who has never gotten over her cheating ex-boyfriend, Joe, warns him to take care of Diane.
Jim urges her to break up with Lloyd, feeling he is not an appropriate match for her, and suggests she give him a pen as a parting gift.
Diane tells Lloyd she wants to stop seeing him and concentrate on her studies.
Devastated over the breakup, Lloyd seeks advice from Corey, who tells him to "be a man".
Jim's credit cards are declined when he tries to buy her a luggage set.
At dawn, Lloyd plays "In Your Eyes" by Peter Gabriel, the song that was playing the first time they slept together, on a boombox under her open bedroom window.
The next day, Diane meets with the IRS investigator, who explains that they suspect Jim has been embezzling funds from his retirement home residents.
He advises her to accept the fellowship as matters with her father will worsen.
After she discovers cash concealed at home, Jim tells her he stole the money to give her financial independence.
Distraught, Diane reconciles with Lloyd at the gym where he trains.
Some time later, Jim has been incarcerated.
Lloyd visits him in a federal penitentiary and tells him he will go with Diane to England; he reacts with anger.
Lloyd gives him a letter from Diane saying she cannot forgive him, but she arrives to say goodbye and they embrace.
She gives him a pen, asking him to write to her in England.
Lloyd escorts Diane, who is afraid of flying, on her flight.
Corie and Paul Bratter are a newlywed couple.
For their first home, they live in an apartment on the top floor of a brownstone in New York City.
During the course of four days, the couple learns to live together while facing the usual daily ups-and-downs.
Corrie wants Paul to become more easy-going: for example, to run "barefoot in the park".
On May 26, 1987, Jenna Rink, a gawky girl, yearns to be popular, but the only way she can get the ruling clique - the "Six Chicks," led by the arrogant Lucy "Tom-Tom" Wyman - to attend her upcoming 13th birthday party is by doing their homework.
Jenna's best friend, the geeky boy Matty Flamhaff, (with the horrible nickname of Beaver because he looks like the star of "Leave It To Beaver") arrives early to the party to give her a bright pink, dream dollhouse that he built for her.
He sprinkles his second gift, a packet of glittery "magic wishing dust".
on its roof.
The Six Chicks soon show up with the cutest boys in class and make Jenna play "Seven Minutes in Heaven" While Jenna waits, blindfolded, in a dark closet, thinking a popular boy she has a crush on is about to enter, the Six Chicks vanish with all the boys, half the food and Jenna's completed homework.
It's Matt who walks into the closet, to Jenna's horror.
She locks herself in the closet and cries, wishing to be 30; above her, the glittering wishing dust from the dollhouse gently rains down.
The next morning, Jenna awakens in a gleaming Fifth Avenue apartment.
Jenna's dream has come true: It is now 2004, and Jenna, at first utterly baffled, particularly by the handsome hunk in her shower, realises she's magically turned thirty overnight, with no idea of what happened in the intervening seventeen years.
Jenna discovers that she works for Poise, her favourite fashion magazine.
Tough-as-nails Lucy is her co-editor and best friend, but the magazine itself is in serious trouble, having been scooped by a rival magazine named Sparkle so often that the editor-in-chief believes someone inside Poise is tipping them off.
Jenna, freaking out like the frightened teen she still is, wants only to find Matty.
She gets his address and races down to the Village where the now-grown Matt (Mark Ruffalo) is a struggling photographer.
To her confusion, he's distant and cold, and can't even fill Jenna on much of her missing past, because she became head of the "Six Chicks," and never spoke to Matt again.
She even became Prom Queen - and Lucy, her only friend, is actually the original "Tom-Tom' after plastic surgery.
While delighting in her freedom and great clothes, Jenna stumbles through a grown-up world, learning enough of life to advise other 13-year-olds whom she actually prefers to hang with.
But her slowly-emerging past reveals she was nothing like the sweet, shy girl she'd been the day before: this grown-up Jenna stole ideas, refused to speak to her parents, has office sex with the husband of a co-worker.
After Jenna overhears her supposed best friend Lucy badmouthing her, in a plan to save the magazine behind her back, she resolves to fix the sins of the past she can't remember.
She returns to her hometown in New Jersey and weeps in the same basement closet.
Her parents find her there, and they hug.
She gets back in touch with Matt, gingerly apologises and hires him to do the photography on her own new plans for Poise, which is a huge break for him.
Even though Matt has a fiancée in Chicago who's eager for him to move there, Jenna and Matt begin to fall for each other.
Everyone loves Matt's photos and Jenna's new plans to save the magazine, but when Sparkle shows up yet again with this exact material, including Matt's own photographs, and with Lucy as their new head, Poise folds.
Outraged, Jenna confronts Lucy for stealing, but Lucy scornfully tells her that Jenna was the one sabotaging her own magazine all along; Lucy merely found out about it and did the same thing.
Matt, wounded by what he thought was Jenna's betrayal of him, is getting married the next day.
Jenna rushes out to the leafy suburb on his wedding day, hoping to convince Matt that she wasn't the person she'd seemed to be, that he'd marry her if he could see who she really was, but Matt, already in his tux, says the past can't come back and hands Jenna her pink homemade dollhouse, which he'd kept all these years.
While the wedding begins in the background, Jenna leaves in tears, closing her eyes and clinging to the dollhouse -- on which a few bits of wishing dust still remain.
When Jenna opens her eyes, she's back in 1987, on that same 13th birthday night.
This time, when Matt finds her huddled alone in the closet, she kisses him.
They run upstairs together, bumping into Tom-Tom on the way, Jenna rips up the homework in Tom-Tom's hands and Jenna and Matt run out of the house, emerging as a wedding couple on the other side of the door, and, as credits roll, they're moving into a bright pink house just like the dollhouse that started it all.
Young bachelors and best friends Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble have recently qualified as crane operators at Slate & Company.
Soon to be employed, now they want dates, and little green alien The Great Gazoo, exiled to Earth by his species, offers to help, although only they can see him.
Meanwhile, Wilma Slaghoople wants a normal life and activities, like bowling, despite her controlling mother Pearl, who wants her to marry smooth casino-owner Chip Rockefeller.
Wilma angrily runs away to Bronto King in Bedrock.
Waitress Betty O'Shale mistakes her as "caveless", and offers to share her apartment, and gets her a job.
Fred and Barney are smitten with the waitresses and invite them to a carnival, with Fred dating Betty and Barney taking Wilma.
Fred wins a carnival game and gets a prize of an egg which hatches into a baby dinosaur, which he names "Dino".
However, he does not really feel a connection with Betty, nor does Barney with Wilma, until both men switch dates.
Wilma invites her new friends home to a birthday party for her father, Colonel Slaghoople, where all are shocked by her wealth.
Fred intends to propose, but changes his mind after meeting Chip, who berates him for his low-level job at Slate & Company.
Pearl dislikes the three new friends, but the Colonel accepts them, glad Wilma is happy, and privately gives her a valuable pearl necklace that once belonged to his great-grandmother.
After the boys disgrace themselves at dinner, Wilma nevertheless proclaims her pride and follows them out.
Chip congratulates Fred on attracting Wilma and apologizes for his humiliation of Fred's job.
He invites the four to his Rock Vegas resort as a peace offering.
However, this is a plot by Chip to hope Fred gambles so Wilma dumps him, whereas Fred sees it as a chance to win big so he can impress Wilma with money like Chip's.
Chip and his girlfriend Roxie are visited by two gangsters named Big Rocko and Little Rocko to collect a lot of money owed by Chip, who claims his upcoming marriage to Wilma will get him access to the Slaghoople fortune, and the gangsters consider that plan creditable, so they agree to suspend collections until after the wedding.
Gazoo witnesses the entire conversation.
When Barney tries to keep Fred from high-stakes poker, Chip sends Roxie to seduce Barney for an escort to an all-you-can-eat buffet.
Chip keeps Fred gambling to miss his dinner date with the others.
Betty sees Barney wipe cream from Roxie's chest and misinterprets the move as a pass.
Mick Jagged comforts the weeping girl, and they go on a date.
Wilma breaks up with Fred over not spending any time with her.
Chip warns her of burglaries and arranges that Fred loses everything before slipping Wilma's pearls in Fred's pocket and asking him to empty them.
Hotel security arrests Fred for robbery.
When Barney protests that Fred would do no such thing, and that Fred would not even be able to crack his own knuckles without help, Chip accuses Barney of being Fred's accomplice and has him arrested, as well.
Angered that the two of them stole from her, Wilma goes back to Chip.
In prison, the men are visited by Gazoo, who earlier spied on Chip.
Gazoo reveals that Chip is in severe debt to the mob, and hoped to solve both his problems by framing Fred for the robbery and plans to marry Wilma to get the Slaghooples' money.
Barney slips through the bars, steals the keys, and unlocks the cell.
Disguised as dancers, they accidentally run into Jagged's dressing room.
Barney tells Betty he loves her, and they get back together.
Fred plans to disguise himself as Jagged in an attempt to reconcile with Wilma.
Meanwhile, in the audience, Chip proposes to Wilma, but she is unresponsive.
Fred then comes on stage disguised as Jagged and briefly sings to Wilma.
He apologizes for his behavior earlier before proposing to her.
Wilma happily accepts, rejecting Chip, and they marry in the Rock Vegas Chapel of Love, while the gangsters prepare to make Chip pay in their own manner.
After the pastor proclaims them husband and wife, everyone sings "Meet the Flintstones".
When Jagged sings "Viva Rock Vegas" at a party, Betty catches Wilma's tossed bouquet and kisses Barney.
The newlyweds drive away with Dino and Gazoo to goodbye waves from their friends, family, and even Chip and Roxie.
The film opens with a soldier and nurse getting out of two 1940-style cars in the middle of night.
The nurse runs up to the soldier and the camera switches to reveal this to be a scene from a film.
The three Piggly Wiggly store workers—Rosalee, Cathy, and Pete—are watching and as the nurse on screen asks for forgiveness and the soldier agrees, the women in the audience are moved to tears as Pete is clearly unimpressed.
As the girls wonder what Tad Hamilton—the star of the film—is doing at that moment, their prediction of praying is proven false as the scene cuts to Tad—described in the next scene by his agent—"drinking, driving, smoking, leering, and groping all at the same time".
The conclusion of the agent scene is that Tad must clean up his act to convince a director to cast him in an upcoming film; the solution, a competition to win a date with Tad, is found out by Rosalee as she surfs the internet.
With the help of the Piggly Wiggly customers and the reluctant agreement of Pete, the girls raise the $100 entrance money as Pete reveals to his superior that he will leave for Richmond to go to college after he has a discussion "with someone about going to Richmond with me".
This person is obviously Rosalee, but a news crew outside her house signals her success at winning a date with Tad Hamilton, and as Pete sees her off at the airport he sadly warns her to guard her "carnal treasure".
Rosalee is awed by Los Angeles and becomes tongue-tied in Tad's presence; the date does not go well as Rosalee throws up in the limo and Tad mentioning his love of animals—which Pete had warned was a signal of sexual intentions—rouses her suspicions.
After seeing Tad's house, Rosalee requests to go back to the hotel and soon returns home leaving Tad thoughtful.
As Pete is about to tell Rosalee about moving to Richmond she is surprised—as much as Pete is disappointed—by Tad's sudden arrival to get to know her and have some of her goodness rub off on him.
Though Rosalee is still cynical of him as he uses a line from one of his films, his admission of not having "his priorities straight" seems to convince her of his good intentions.
During a phone call with his agent, Tad insists that he wants to turn over a new leaf, and will not return to Los Angeles for a while.
When he picks Rosalee up for a date he leaves a good impression on Rosalee's father, who had studied hard for the encounter.
Pete tries to stop Rosalee seeing Tad by reporting the pair for parking at the infamous Water Gap, convincing her that Tad is just using her, and directly competing with Tad in farmyard chores; despite all his efforts, Rosalee and Tad grow close over the next few days.
In the bar, Pete corners Tad in the men's room and after giving up the competition for Rosalee's love tells Tad that Rosalee is more than a wholesome small town girl, she is a wonderful person with "the kind of beauty a guy only sees once".
He explains about her six smiles: one smile when something makes her laugh, one for polite laughter, one for when she makes plans, one when she makes fun of herself, one when she's uncomfortable, and one when she's talking about her friends.
He makes Tad swear not to break her heart or he will tear Tad to pieces with his "vicious rhetoric".
When the pair is in Tad's hotel room, his agents appear and inform him that the director has decided to cast him in the film after all.
Tad is overjoyed and convinces her to come to LA with him by using Pete's "six smile" speech.
After a rousing speech about great love from Angelica, a barmaid with a crush on him, Pete rushes to Rosalee's house and confesses his love for her but she is confused and resolves to still go to LA with Tad.
On the plane when Tad fails to identify one of Rosalee's smiles, he confesses his lie and she asks to go home.
She runs to Piggly Wiggly and Pete's house, then drives furiously towards Richmond to overtake her heartbroken friend.
And, in a set-up similar to the opening scene, Rosalee and Pete get out of their cars and Pete, surrendering to cheesy romance, asks her to dance.
Wondering what has happened to her youth and feeling stagnant and in a rut, Shirley finds herself regularly alone and talking to the wall while preparing an evening meal of egg and chips for her emotionally distant husband.
When her best friend offers to pay for a trip-for-two to Greece, she packs her bags, leaves a note on the cupboard door in the kitchen, and heads for a fortnight of rest and relaxation.
In Greece, with just a little effort on her part, she rediscovers everything she had been missing about her existence in England.
She finds so much happiness, in fact, that when the vacation is over she decides not to return, ditching her friend at the airport and going back to the hotel where she'd been staying to ask for a job and to live a newly self-confident life in which she is at last true to herself.
Barry Egan is a single man who owns a company that markets themed toilet plungers and other novelty items.
He has seven overbearing sisters who ridicule and emotionally abuse him regularly and leads a lonely life punctuated by fits of rage and anguish.
In the span of one morning, he witnesses an inexplicable car accident, picks up an abandoned harmonium from the street, and encounters Lena Leonard, a coworker of his sister's, Lena having orchestrated this meeting after seeing him in a family picture belonging to his sister Elizabeth.
Coping with his loneliness, Barry calls a phone-sex line, but the operator attempts to extort money and sends her four henchmen, who are brothers, to collect.
This complicates his budding relationship with Lena, as well as his plan to exploit a loophole in a Healthy Choice promotion and amass a million frequent flyer miles by buying large quantities of pudding.
After Lena leaves for Hawaii on a business trip, Barry decides to follow her.
He arrives and calls one of his manipulative sisters to learn where Lena is staying.
When his sister starts abusing him again, Barry snaps and demands she give him the information, which she does.
Lena is overjoyed to see Barry, and they later have sex.
At first, Barry explains that he is in Hawaii on a business trip by coincidence, but he soon admits that he came only for her.
The romance develops further, and Barry finally feels some relief from the emotional isolation he has endured.
After they return home, the four brothers ram their car into Barry's, leaving Lena mildly injured.
With his new-found freedom from loneliness in jeopardy, a surprisingly aggressive and poised Barry adeptly fights off all four of the goons in a matter of seconds, using a tire iron as a weapon.
Suspecting that Lena will leave him if she finds out about the phone-sex fiasco, Barry leaves Lena at the hospital and tries to end the harassment by calling the phone-sex line back and speaking to the "supervisor", who turns out to be Dean Trumbell, who is also the owner of a mattress store.
Barry travels to the mattress store in Provo, Utah, to confront Dean face to face.
Dean, at first trying to intimidate Barry, finds Barry much more intimidating and Barry compels Dean to leave him alone.
Barry decides to tell Lena about his phone-sex episode and begs her for forgiveness, pledging his loyalty and to use his frequent-flier miles to accompany her on all future business trips.
She readily agrees, and they embrace happily.
Some time later, Lena approaches Barry in his office while he plays the harmonium.
She puts her arms around him and says, "So, here we go".
Lucy Kelson (Sandra Bullock) is a liberal lawyer who specializes in environmental law in New York City.
George Wade (Hugh Grant) is an arrogant billionaire real estate tycoon who has almost everything and knows almost nothing.
Lucy's hard work and devotion to others contrast sharply with George's world-weary recklessness and greed.
Lucy meets George in an attempt to stop the destruction of the Coney Island community center from her childhood.
He attempts to hire her to replace his old Chief Counsel, Amber.
She knows of his playboy tendencies, but he promises to protect the community center if she works for him.
She soon finds that what he really requires is advice in all aspects of his life.
She becomes his indispensable aide, and he calls her for every little thing.
She finally gets fed up with the situation and gives him her two weeks' notice of resignation after he sends her a message of an "emergency" while she is at her friend's wedding, since the emergency is, as she finds out, that he is unable to choose what to wear to an event.
He is deeply troubled by her resignation and tries to convince her to stay.
He also tries to block her from getting any other jobs, as an attempt to make her stay.
He finally gives in and has her train her replacement, the attractive and flirtatious June Carver (Alicia Witt), before she quits.
Lucy then becomes jealous of June before she leaves.
After she's gone, George realizes that his time with her has really changed him, as he keeps the promise he made to her in the beginning even if it means it costs his company millions.
Meanwhile, in her new job, Lucy is missing him terribly.
He goes in search for her, and they confess their feelings for each other.
The movie ends with Lucy ordering take out in her apartment with George making jokes about the size of the apartment.
Usually when she orders and is asked how many, Lucy replies, "one," but this time, with a silly smile, Lucy replies, "This is for two".
In 1668 Jamaica, Morgan Adams (Geena Davis) hunts down her uncle and fellow pirate Dawg Brown (Frank Langella), who has captured her father, Black Harry (Harris Yulin).
Black Harry has one of three pieces of a map to a huge stash of gold on the remote Cutthroat Island.
Dawg has another piece, having stolen it from the corpse of a third brother, Richard, while a fourth brother, Mordechai (George Murcell), has the last piece.
Harry refuses to give Dawg his piece and escapes with Morgan's help, but not before being mortally wounded.
A dying Harry reveals to his daughter the location of the map piece: on his scalp.
After scalping her dead father for the piece, Morgan, now the captain of her father's ship, the Morning Star, sets out for the treasure.
Unfortunately, the instructions appear to be in Latin, which no one on board reads.
So, they go to nearby Port Royal to find a translator.
There, they learn that one of the slaves up for auction, a con man and thief named William Shaw (Matthew Modine), is fluent in Latin.
After threatening a man determined to outbid her, Morgan wins the auction.
Unfortunately, she is recognized from her wanted poster and is chased out of town (which is demolished), along with her crew and Shaw.
Humiliated, corrupt Governor Ainslee (Patrick Malahide) vows to find her, either to arrest her or form a partnership for half her profits.
He enlists the help of chronicler John Reed (Maury Chaykin), who often follows pirates to write his books.
The crew then goes to Mordechai in Spittlefield Harbor.
Before they can learn where the second piece is, Dawg appears.
A fight ensues, during which Mordechai is killed and Morgan is shot, while Shaw secretly finds the piece and keeps it to himself.
After they escape on the Morning Star, Morgan collapses from her wound, but is saved by Shaw, who is a self-proclaimed doctor.
The two start a romance.
Morgan figures out that the words on the map, when read backwards, spell out half the coordinates to the island.
Dawg's ship, the Reaper, bears down on them.
Morgan directs hers toward a coral reef.
and a gale.
Shaw manages to piece together the location of Cutthroat Island with his and Morgan's piece, but is caught and thrown in the brig.
During the storm, Reed sends a carrier pigeon revealing their location to Ainslee.
Meanwhile, the majority of the crew led by the treacherous Scully (Jimmie Skaggs) mutinies against Morgan and maroon her and those loyal to her in a boat.
Fortuitously, though the boat is wrecked the tide takes them straight to Cutthroat Island, which is uncharted land northeast of Cuba.
As Morgan goes after the treasure, Shaw, who escaped during the storm, steals the last piece from Dawg, who's on the island.
Shaw falls into quicksand and Morgan, realizing he has the piece, frees him.
Together, they find the gold, only for it to be stolen by Dawg, forcing them to jump off a cliff into the tide.
After regaining consciousness, Shaw finds Reed, who leads him into a trap set by Dawg, Ainslee, and the mutineers, who have joined forces and intend to split the gold between them.
As Shaw is captured and they make their way out to sea with the gold, Morgan sneaks aboard the Morning Star and retakes it from Scully and the mutineers.
The crew then tries to sneak attack the Reaper, but Dawg counterattacks.
A sea fight ensues, during which Shaw escapes and Ainslee, his men and Reed are killed by cannon fire.
Morgan boards the Reaper and blows out the ship's bottom to get to the gold.
She then duels Dawg while Shaw gets trapped below in rapidly rising water with the treasure.
Morgan kills Dawg with a cannon and saves Shaw, forced to abandon the treasure to escape the sinking ship.
Luckily, Morgan attached a marker barrel to the treasure beforehand, allowing them to retrieve it and the newly rich crew sets sail for their next adventure in Madagascar.
"Crash" Davis (Costner), a veteran of 12 years in minor league baseball, is sent down to the single-A Durham Bulls for a specific purpose: to educate hotshot rookie pitcher Ebby Calvin LaLoosh (Robbins, playing a character loosely based on Steve Dalkowski) about becoming a major-league talent, and to control Ebby's haphazard pitching.
Crash immediately begins calling Ebby by the degrading nickname of "Meat", and they get off to a rocky start.
Thrown into the mix is Annie (Sarandon), a "baseball groupie" and lifelong spiritual seeker who has latched onto the "Church of Baseball" and has, every year, chosen one player on the Bulls to be her lover and student.
Annie flirts with both Crash and Ebby and invites them to her house, but Crash walks out, saying he's too much a veteran to "try out" for anything.
Before he leaves, Crash further sparks Annie's interest with a memorable speech listing the things he "believes in", ending with "I believe in long, slow, deep, soft, wet kisses that last three days.
Good night".
Despite some animosity between them, Annie and Crash work, in their own ways, to shape Ebby into a big-league pitcher.
Annie plays mild bondage games, reads poetry to him, and gets him to think in different ways (and gives him the nickname "Nuke").
Crash forces Nuke to learn "not to think" by letting the catcher make the pitching calls (memorably at two points telling the batters what pitch is coming after Nuke rejects his calls), and lectures him about the pressure of facing major league hitters who can hit his "heat" (fastballs).
Crash also talks about the pleasure of life in "The Show" (Major League Baseball), which he briefly lived for "the 21 greatest days of my life" and to which he has tried for years to return.
Meanwhile, as Nuke matures, the relationship between Annie and Crash grows, until it becomes obvious that the two of them are a more appropriate match, except for the fact that Annie and Nuke are currently a couple.
After a rough start, Nuke becomes a dominant pitcher by mid-season.
By the end of the movie, Nuke is called up to the majors.
This incites jealous anger in Crash, who is frustrated by Nuke's failure to recognize all the talent he was blessed with.
Nuke leaves for the big leagues, Annie ends their relationship, and Crash overcomes his jealousy to leave Nuke with some final words of advice.
The Bulls, now having no use for his mentor, release Crash.
Crash then presents himself at Annie's house and the two consummate their attraction with a weekend-long lovemaking session.
Crash then leaves Annie's house to seek a further minor-league position.
Crash joins another team, the Asheville Tourists, and breaks the minor-league record for career home runs.
We see Nuke one last time, being interviewed by the press as a major leaguer, reciting the clichéd answers that Crash had taught him earlier.
Crash then retires as a player and returns to Durham, where Annie tells him she's ready to give up her annual affairs with "boys".
Crash tells her that he is thinking about becoming a manager for a minor-league team in Visalia.
The film ends with Annie and Crash dancing in Annie's candle-lit living room.
Scott Howard is a seventeen-year-old high school student who is sick of being average.
Living in a small town, his only claim to popularity is playing on the Beavers; his school's basketball team (which is very unsuccessful) and fawning after his crush Pamela Wells, who is dating his rival Mick.
Mick plays for the Dragons, an opposing team who tends to bully Scott on the court.
Completely oblivious to his best friend Boof's affections, he constantly rebuffs her advances due to their history together.
After a series of startling changes such as long hair suddenly sprouting, hands suddenly getting hairy, he decides to quit the team, but his coach changes his mind.
Scoring a keg with his friend Stiles for a party, Scott and Boof end up alone in a closet and Scott gets rough when they begin making out, accidentally clawing Boof's back.
When he returns home, he undergoes a strange transformation and discovers he is a werewolf.
His father Harold confronts him and reveals he too is a werewolf, and that he'd hoped Scott wouldn't inherit the curse because "sometimes it skips a generation".
Scott reveals his secret to Stiles, who agrees to keep it a secret, but when Scott becomes stressed on the court at the next basketball game, he becomes the wolf and helps win their first game in three years.
This has an unexpected result of fame and popularity as the high school is overwhelmed with "Wolf Fever", which quickly alienates Scott from Boof and from his teammates as he begins to hog the ball during games.
Stiles merchandises "Teen Wolf" paraphernalia and Pamela finally begins paying attention to Scott.
After he gets a role as a 'werewolf cavalryman' in the school play alongside her, she comes onto him in the dressing room and the two have sex.
Later, after a date set up to intentionally make Mick jealous, Pamela tells Scott that she's still seeing him and is not interested in Scott as a boyfriend, much to his disappointment.
Harold tells Scott he is responsible for vice principal Rusty Thorne breathing down his neck, due to a scare he'd given him when he was in high school, and advises him to be himself and not the wolf.
With the upcoming spring dance, Boof agrees to go with Scott, but only if he goes as himself, not the Wolf.
Scott goes by himself as the Wolf and has a great time.
Boof, however, isn't impressed.
She takes Scott out into the hallway and they kiss, which turns Scott back into himself.
When they return to the dance, everyone pays attention to him, including Pamela.
Mick gets upset and taunts Scott until the Wolf comes out and attacks him.
His fans then turn on him and he runs out right into Thorne, who threatens to expel Scott from school.
Harold appears and after sending Scott home, tells Thorne to back off.
He then reminds Thorne of what he is capable of by leaning into him and growling, causing the Vice Principal to pee himself.
Scott renounces using the wolf all the time, quitting the play and the basketball team, who have come to expect it.
During the championship game, Scott arrives and rallies his teammates to play without the wolf in order to win the game.
Despite the odds, the team begins to play together and they make ground against the Dragons.
During the final quarter, behind by one point, Scott is fouled by Mick at the buzzer.
He makes both shots, winning the game and the championship to everyone's delight.
Brushing past Pamela, Scott kisses Boof as his father comes down and hugs the two of them.
Mick tells Pamela that they should leave, but she tells him to "drop dead" and storms off while everyone else celebrates the victory.
Viktor Navorski, a traveler from Krakozhia, arrives at New York's John Kennedy International Airport, only to find that his passport is suddenly no longer valid due to the sudden outbreak of a civil war in his homeland.
As a result, the United States no longer recognizes Krakozhia as a sovereign nation, and he is no longer permitted to either enter the country or return home as he is now considered to be stateless.
Due to his inability to communicate in proper English, the airport's branch of the US Customs and Border Protection seize both his passport and airline ticket, whereupon its temporary director, Frank Dixon, makes him stay in the terminal he came through.
Left with no other choice, Viktor decides to settle in at a closed off section of the terminal, Gate 67, with only his luggage and a peanut can, soon making a home out of it.
Much to the frustration of Dixon, who is being considered for promotion to director of the US Customs branch, Viktor chooses not to break out of the terminal but wait patiently until he can legally enter the United States.
Dixon, who wants him to illegally attempt to enter the country so he can deport him, decides to try finding ways to make it difficult for him to survive in the terminal, slowly becoming obsessed in doing so.
During his initial days at the terminal, Viktor encounters and helps out a flight attendant named Amelia Warren after she slips on a wet floor and breaks the heel of her shoes, who assumes he is a contractor of sorts from the pager he was given by Customs but is surprised by his respectful kindness to her.
When Viktor is unable to secure himself some food after Dixon cuts him off from an avenue of money, his plight is noticed by a food service worker at the airport, Enrique Cruz, who offers him food in exchange for helping in learning more about an immigration officer that he is infatuated with, Dolores Torres.
After meeting with Amelia once again and wanting to take her out for a meal, Viktor begins improving his English while attempting to find work, and is soon hired by an airport contractor and paid under the table after he impulsively remodeled a wall at a gate that was scheduled for future renovation.
During this time, he also befriends some of Enrique's friends whom he plays poker with, including a cargo handler named Joe Mulroy, and an Indian janitor named Gupta Rajan, learning from the latter that he had come to the States in order to avoid being arrested for stabbing a corrupt police officer back in India in 1979.
When a Russian traveler creates a delicate situation when Customs try to remove the medicine he is carrying for his father, Dixon is annoyed when Viktor, whom he uses to persuade the man to leave the medicine behind, claims he misheard his Krakozhian dialect for "father" as "goat" so the traveler can leave with them.
Shortly after the traveler leaves, Dixon strong-arms him over a photocopier, nearly blowing his chance for promotion, before later promising Viktor that he will never let him leave the airport.
When the airport employees hear from Gupta of the incident in customs with the Russian and what Viktor did, Viktor finds himself respected and admired for his kind-hearted actions, with many stores showing off photocopied images of his hand that had been accidentally made.
When Viktor meets with Amelia once again and takes her out for a meal, he slowly begins taking an interest with her, even wooing her, before offering to surprise her with a gift when she returns, based on his recent knowledge of Napoleon, soon creating a majestic fountain.
After helping Enrique finally marry Torres, Viktor awaits the arrival of Amelia.
Unbeknown to him, Dixon pulls her aside to question her about Viktor, revealing his true situation in the process.
Feeling that he lied to her, Amelia confronts Viktor in Gate 67, shocked at his predicament, and tries to learn why he came to New York.
Agreeing to tell her, Viktor reveals the contents of the peanut can he was carrying, explaining that his late father, a jazz enthusiast, had discovered the famous portrait, "A Great Day in Harlem", in a Hungarian newspaper in 1958, where after spending a week looking at it, he vowed he would collect the signatures of all 57 of the jazz musicians featured on it.
Viktor reveals that the can contains not only a copy of the portrait, but the autographs of all the musicians his father received, but one - tenor saxophonist Benny Golson.
After his father died, Viktor had promised to collect the last signature by coming to New York to find Golson.
After hearing his story, Amelia kisses Viktor.
After having spent nine months in the terminal, Viktor is awakened by his friends who give him news that the war in Krakozhia has ended.
Overjoyed, he celebrates in an airport bar, where Amelia meets with him and explains that a man she had been having an affair with, a government official, helped her to secure Viktor with a one-day emergency visa to fulfill his dream.
While delighted, Viktor is saddened when he learns that her "friend" did so in order to renew their relationship.
Despite this, Viktor heads off to Customs with renewed hope of going to New York, only to find that Dixon must sign the visa.
Seizing the opportunity, Dixon instructs Viktor to go home to Krakozhia, threatening to cause trouble for Viktor's friends by deporting them if he refuses.
Unwilling to let that happen, he agrees to do so, despite his friends offering to prevent this happening.
When Gupta, assuming he was acting a coward, learns of the situation he was put into, he decides to take the burden off Viktor by running in front of the plane to Krakozhia as it taxies to the terminal, choosing to let himself be deported back to his home country in order to let his friend go to New York.
Dixon, shocked by this, attempts to stop Viktor leaving as he receives gifts from employees for his trip into the city, but is thwarted by his Custom agents, who allow him to leave.
As Viktor leaves, seeing Amelia once more before taking a taxi, Dixon decides to finally not pursue him further.
Meanwhile, Viktor arrives in New York at the hotel where Benny Golson is performing, and finally collects the last autograph.
As he steps into a taxi and places the last signature into the can, he soon tells the driver, "I am going home".
A voiceover by the child Jeremiah (Justin Pierre Edmund) guides the viewer through the film.
Rev.
Henry Biggs (Courtney Vance) is the pastor of a small struggling Baptist church in a poverty-stricken neighborhood of New York City.
Membership is declining, Henry is pulled in a hundred directions by his parishioners' needs, and the church's finances are in trouble.
Henry is under intense pressure from real estate developer Joe Hamilton (Gregory Hines) to sell the church's property so that Hamilton can build luxury condominiums on the site.
Henry has also become neglectful of his wife, Julia (Whitney Houston), and his son, Jeremiah.
Julia worries that her marriage is failing.
Unsure that he can make a difference in his parishioners' lives and beginning to lose his faith, Henry prays to God for help, which comes in the form of Dudley (Denzel Washington), a witty and debonair angel.
Dudley tells Henry that he is an angel sent by God to help him, but Henry is deeply suspicious of Dudley.
Julia, however, is instantly charmed by the handsome and unflappable angel.
With Christmas approaching, Henry's schedule becomes increasingly burdensome, and Dudley begins to spend most of his time with Julia and Jeremiah.
Rev.
Biggs' secretary, Beverly (Loretta Devine), becomes comically defensive and aggressive, believing Dudley is there to take her job.
Julia's wasp-tongued mother, Margueritte (Jenifer Lewis), is also suspicious of Dudley, because she believes the newcomer will break up her daughter's marriage.
Dudley and Julia go ice skating, and then later spend an evening in the jazz club where Julia once performed.
After Henry confronts Dudley, Dudley realizes that he is falling in love with Julia.
Dudley turns his attention to Hamilton, and manages to disrupt Hamilton's schemes to get Henry to sell the church.
Henry now realizes that his family is the most important thing in his life, and he resolves to be a better husband and father.
At the church's Christmas pageant, Henry finds his faith in God renewed and his ties to his family restored.
With his work done, Dudley gives the Biggs family a fully decorated Christmas tree as a gift.
Dudley then erases all memories of himself from everyone he has met, and although he attends midnight service on Christmas Eve, no one recognizes him.
Jeremiah, who has the faith of a child, still remembers Dudley, and wishes him a merry Christmas.
A subplot present throughout the film focuses on Julia's singing talents.
Once a popular nightclub singer, she is now a star in the church choir.
This subplot provides for several set pieces in which the choir performs and Gospel music plays a significant role.
It also provides comic relief in the form of a domineering choir director.
Todd Howard (Jason Bateman), the cousin of Scott Howard, has recently been accepted into Hamilton University on a full athletic scholarship on the recommendation of Coach Bobby Finstock (Paul Sand), who was Scott's basketball coach at Beacontown High.
Finstock's hope is that Todd has the family genes to become a werewolf and turn Finstock's new struggling boxing team into championship contenders.
Having never been much good at sports, and because he is more interested in being a veterinarian, Todd is certain that Finstock has the wrong guy.
During a meet and greet reception of school alumni, Todd has his first "wolf-out" while dancing with a seductive hostess.
At first, Todd is horrified by his "family affliction", and fellow students begin to harass him.
Then, during his first boxing match, after nearly getting knocked out, Todd has his second "wolf-out" only this time he is able to display his supernatural agility and strength and has a dramatic come from behind victory, thus earning the admiration of the students as well as the strict Dean Dunn (John Astin).
With his newfound fame comes girls, top grades and even the dean's car but as the year goes on, Todd realizes that he is losing his friends and self-respect.
Todd seeks out advice from his uncle, Scott's father, Harold Howard (James Hampton), who helps Todd comes to terms with his responsibilities and prepares him for the championship.
Todd also reconnects with his girlfriend, Nicki (Estee Chandler), who helps him regain his focus of being humble.
Todd then decides that he will fight his championship match against Steve "Gus" Gustavson (Robert Neary), who Todd had prior issues with, as himself rather than the wolf much to the dismay of all except his uncle, girlfriend and Professor Tanya Brooks (Kim Darby) who unbeknownst to Todd is also a werewolf.
After losing round after round, and nearly getting knocked out, Todd is tempted to become the wolf until he sees Nicki mouth the words "I love you" to him.
This gives Todd the strength to overcome Gus and knocks him out to a roaring ovation.
High school sophomore Samantha "Sam" Baker (Molly Ringwald) struggles to get through the day on her 16th birthday, which her entire family has forgotten about because her older sister, Ginny (Blanche Baker), is getting married the next day.
She is also plagued by infatuation with a popular and attractive senior, Jake Ryan (Michael Schoeffling).
At school she fares no better when she finds out that a completed "sex quiz", which she tried to surreptitiously slip to her friend Randy (Liane Curtis), never reached her friend Randy and, unbeknownst to either of them, was picked up by Jake.
Sam panics because the quiz contains sensitive information, such as she is a virgin and is saving herself for Jake.
She has a whole new set of problems when she arrives home to discover all four of her grandparents are staying at the Baker home during the wedding.
One set of grandparents has brought along a bizarre foreign exchange student, Long Duk Dong (Gedde Watanabe).
The grandparents force Sam to take him along to her school's senior dance that night and, to Sam's amazement, it takes "The Donger" only five minutes to find an unlikely girlfriend&mdash;the tall, large-breasted jock, Marlene (Deborah Pollack), nicknamed "Lumberjack".
They are found slow dancing in the gym.
A subplot involves a geeky freshman (Anthony Michael Hall) who tries to win a bet with his friends by continually (and unsuccessfully) trying to bed his love interest, Sam.
The character is referred to on several occasions in the film as either "Ted" or "Farmer Ted", but is credited simply as "the Geek".
On the way home on the school bus, Sam blows him off by saying, "Go to hell".
In the school auto shop during the dance, Sam and Ted begin talking and Sam confesses her love for Jake.
Upon hearing this, Ted tells her that Jake had been asking about her at the dance, and they agree that Sam should just go and talk to him.
As she's leaving, Ted reveals the wager to Sam, who agrees to loan him her panties to help him win.
Later (after a $1 admission peepshow of Sam's panties, which Sam finds out about the next day), Ted and his equally unwelcome geeky friends, Cliff (Darren Harris) and Bryce (John Cusack), go to the senior dance after-party, hosted at Jake's house.
When they knock on the door, Long Duk Dong, who has come to the party with Marlene, greets them.
Ted and his gang get in but they make a big mistake by knocking over the jocks' beer can pyramid.
Ted and Bryce leave it up to Cliff to deal with the jocks.
Meanwhile, upstairs in Jake's bedroom, Jake takes the opportunity to look through the yearbook and finds Sam's photo.
He jots down her phone-number on a scrap of paper and calls her, only to be disappointed when her grandparents pick up the phone.
Jake's entire house is completely trashed.
At night's end, Jake finds Ted trapped under a table and they begin to talk.
Jake inquires further about Sam, and Ted explains the situation.
Jake makes a deal with Ted: If Ted lets Jake keep Sam's panties, Jake will allow Ted to drive home his drunk popular girlfriend, Caroline Mulford (Haviland Morris), in Jake's father's Rolls Royce.
Jake later uses the excuse of finding them together to break up with Caroline (who had surprisingly fallen for Ted and doesn't mind the break-up very much).
Ted's friends filmed Ted and Caroline making out.
Afterward, Jake drives to the church just in time to meet an incredulous Sam after her sister's wedding.
The film concludes with Sam and Jake sharing a kiss over a birthday cake with 16 candles.
John Buckingham (Ben Chaplin), a lonely St Albans bank clerk, orders a mail-order bride Nadia (Nicole Kidman) from Russia on the Internet.
John is uncomfortable and shy, but Nadia is sexually bold.
Though Nadia cannot speak English and John cannot speak Russian, they soon bond.
Later on, a man she introduces as her cousin Yuri (Mathieu Kassovitz) and his friend Alexei (Vincent Cassel) turn up to celebrate her birthday.
Alexei soon shows that he has a temper.
After a violent altercation, Alexei holds Nadia hostage and demands a ransom from John.
John has grown to care for Nadia and is forced to steal from the bank where he has worked for ten years.
After the ransom is paid, he realises that he has been the victim of an elaborate con.
Nadia, Yuri, and Alexei are criminals, and Alexei is actually Nadia's boyfriend.
John learns that the trio have carried out the same scam on men from Switzerland and Germany, among others.
They take him prisoner, strip him down to his underpants, and tie him to a toilet in a motel.
He eventually manages to free himself and quickly learns that Nadia has been left behind after Alexei discovered she was pregnant.
John gets dressed and subsequently gets into a scrap with Nadia, who later reveals that she can indeed speak English and that her name is not Nadia.
John takes Nadia to turn her into the police - hoping to clear his name as a wanted bank robber.
Ultimately, however, he sympathises with her and decides against it.
He leaves her at the airport, where she is kidnapped by Alexei – who now wants Nadia to have the baby.
John rescues her, tying Alexei to a chair.
They make common cause against the two Russian men.
Nadia informs John that her real name is Sophia.
John, disguised as Alexei, leaves for Russia with Sophia.
Gaylord "Greg" Focker (Ben Stiller) is a male nurse living in Chicago, who intends to propose to his girlfriend Pam Byrnes (Teri Polo), a schoolteacher.
His plan is disrupted when Pam's younger sister, Debbie, becomes engaged and he finds out that Debbie's fiance, dr Robert "Bob" Banks had asked Pam's father for permission before proposing.
Greg and Pam travel to Pam's parents' house in Oyster Bay, Long Island to attend the wedding.
Greg hopes to propose to Pam in front of her family after receiving her father's permission, but this plan is put on hold when the airline loses his luggage, including the engagement ring.
When they arrive at the Byrnes' home, Greg meets Pam's father Jack (Robert De Niro), her mother Dina (Blythe Danner) and their beloved cat, Jinx (also named mr Jinx or Jinxy), a brown and black Himalayan cat.
Jack takes an instant dislike to Greg and openly criticizes him for his chosen career of nursing and whatever else he sees as a sign of weakness.
Greg's attempts to impress Jack either go unnoticed or backfire: He inadvertently leads Jack to think he does drugs, while mentioning the possible subtle drug references in "Puff, the Magic Dragon" while listening to the song on the car stereo on the way to the drug store, and Jack later finds a marijuana pipe that he believes belongs to Greg (it actually belongs to Pam's younger brother, Denny).
At dinner, Greg, who is Jewish, recites the lyrics from the song "Day by Day" from the musical "Godspell" when asked to say Grace, and makes up a story about milking a cat in an attempt to explain to Jack why he had earlier caught Greg reading a pharmacy magazine about lactation.
Greg presents the Byrnes family with a bottle of Mumm's champagne he bought from the drug store, but as soon as Jack reveals that Pam had a previous fiancé, the cork suddenly pops off by itself and accidentally smashes an urn which holds the remains of Jack's mother, giving Jinx the opportunity to urinate in the ashes.
Greg becomes even more uncomfortable after receiving an impromptu lie detector test from Jack, and Pam later reveals that Jack is actually a recently retired CIA counterintelligence officer.
Meeting the rest of Pam's family and friends, including Debbie, her fiance, his parents, and Pam's highly successful, both financially and spiritually, ex-fiancee Kevin (Owen Wilson), Greg still feels like an outsider.
Things between Greg and Jack go from bad to worse during a game of water volleyball, where Jack becomes irritated with Greg's incompetent playing, and in an attempt to play more seriously, Greg accidentally hits Debbie while spiking the ball, giving her a bloody nose and a black eye; and when Greg later uses a malfunctioning toilet (and claims that Jinx used it, which Jack does not accept), the Byrnes' yard is flooded with sewage.
The airline arrives with the luggage that Greg lost, but it turns out to not be his, and while Greg is on the phone attempting to solve the issue, he accidentally causes Jinx to get loose.
While chasing Jinx, Greg accidentally starts a fire in the yard, destroying a wedding altar that Kevin had sculpted for Debbie's wedding.
Jack himself conducts a background check on Greg's MCAT scores and finds nothing on anyone named Greg Focker ever taking the MCAT's.
Jack then inspects what he thinks is Greg's luggage, unaware that it is actually not his own, finding an assortment of sex toys, including a strap-on dildo.
Jack then jumps to the false conclusion that Greg is not even a real nurse, but a drug dealer posing as a hospital worker for easy access to drugs, per their previous discussion about "Puff the Magic Dragon".
Later, the Byrnes family realizes Jinx is missing and Greg, in a last-ditch effort to win Jack over, goes to an animal shelter, finds a feral cat who looks almost exactly like Jinx, except for a white tip on the tail (whereas Jinx has an all-black tail), puts Jinx's collar on him and spray-paints his tail to make the cat look just like Jinx.
While the entire family is out to dinner, Jack gets a voicemail that the real Jinx is at their neighbor's house.
Greg overhears this, and desperately tries to beat Jack home to erase the evidence, but ultimately fails after Jack takes a shortcut.
The family returns home to find the stray cat has completely trashed the living room.
Jack angrily calls Greg out in front of the entire family for his lack of honesty, and demands that he call off his relationship with Pam and leave immediately.
By now, the entire Byrnes family, including Pam, agree with Jack that Greg needs to leave.
Desperate to save himself, Greg reveals that he has witnessed Jack speaking with strange characters (including speaking with someone in Thai over the phone and meeting with a man in a drug store parking lot) and is planning a secret mission to Thailand after Pam's sister's wedding, thus lying about being retired from the CIA.
However, Greg realizes that the hole he dug himself into just got much deeper as Jack angrily explains that the "mission" he was planning was actually a surprise honeymoon to Ko Samui for the newlywed couple and that the man he was meeting with in the parking lot was a travel agent giving him their visas.
As a result, Greg breaks up with Pam, and Greg starts to leave.
Just as Greg is leaving, an airport employee arrives with Greg's real missing luggage, under the name "Gaylord Focker" much to the amusement of the Byrneses.
Greg goes to the airport but, devastated by his break-up with Pam and still upset about the luggage mix-up, gets so angry that he eventually finds himself detained by airport security for causing a scene on the plane while frustratingly trying to get his luggage into the overhead storage hold and for saying the word "bomb".
Back at the Byrnes' household, Jack still believes that Greg would be an unsuitable husband, as he is completely dishonest and incompetent.
Upon receiving retribution from his wife, who claims that Jack never warmed up to Kevin until after he and Pam broke up, and Pam (as well as confirmation that Greg actually aced the MCAT's), Jack realizes that Pam truly loves Greg.
Jack rushes to the airport, convinces airport security to release Greg, and demands that he be honest about everything that transpired.
Greg admits that he loves Pam, and everything he did before was out of desperation to win Jack's approval.
Jack admits that maybe he had been too hard on Greg, and he brings him back to the Byrnes' household.
Greg proposes to Pam.
She accepts, and her parents agree that they should now meet Greg's parents.
After Debbie's wedding, Jack views footage of Greg recorded by hidden cameras that he had placed strategically around their house.
Child psychologist Samuel Faulkner has an ideal romance with ballet teacher Rebecca Taylor.
Rebecca is thinking about marriage and children.
Samuel is against the idea of marriage as he is happy with how things are between them.
This all changes when Rebecca declares she is pregnant and when questioned by Samuel about her birth control she replies birth control is only 97% of the time effective.
Samuel's fears mount due to his encounters with overbearing couple Marty and Gail Dwyer and their unruly children, as well as the confusing advice he gets from Sean, his perpetually single artist friend.
They meet Doctor Kosevich who happens to be Russian.
Samuel is confused and unsure about what to do.
Feeling neglected, Rebecca leaves him and moves in with Marty and Gail.
Samuel tries to contact her but she does not respond.
When a girl makes a move on Samuel, he declines, saying he's not ready to move on yet.
When he sees an ultrasound of his soon-to-be-born son, he decides that it is time to take responsibility before it is too late.
He sells his Porsche 911, buys a family van, and gets back together with Rebecca.
They then marry and have their baby together.
Psychiatrist Jack Mickler (Marlon Brando) dissuades a would-be suicide—a 21-year-old man who is costumed like Zorro and claims to be Don Juan (Johnny Depp), who is then held for a ten-day review in a mental institution.
Mickler, who is about to retire, insists on doing the evaluation and conducts it without medicating the youth.
"Don Juan" tells his story—born in Mexico, the death of his father, a year in a harem, and finding true love (and being rejected) on a remote island.
Listening enlivens Mickler's relationship with his own wife, Marilyn (Faye Dunaway).
As the ten days tick down and pressure mounts on Mickler to support the youth's indefinite confinement, finding reality within the romantic imagination becomes Jack's last professional challenge.
Set nearly two years after the first film, in the spring of 1974, Vada Sultenfuss (Chlumsky) sets out on a quest to learn more about her deceased biological mother.
She has matured over the past year and a half (since the first film), going from the spunky, eleven-year-old hypochondriac to a lively, yet more serious teenager seeking independence.
Her father, Harry (Aykroyd), has since married Shelly DeVoto (Curtis), whom he dated in the first film; and they are expecting a baby.
They still live in the Sultenfuss' funeral home in Madison, Pennsylvania, while her Uncle Phil (Masur) has moved to Los Angeles, where he now works as a mechanic.
Gramoo, Vada's grandmother, has since died; and she still wears the mood ring that her late best friend Thomas died while retrieving for her.
To accommodate the new baby, Vada moves out of her bedroom and into Gramoo's old room, which has been renovated, and it brings further problems with adjustment.
Vada even thinks about getting her own apartment while spending a night out with her father.
Vada is given a school assignment to write an essay on someone she admires but has never met.
She decides to write about her mother but has few sources to go on, which are all confined in a small box.
Among its contents are programs of plays her mother was in (she was an aspiring actress), a passport, and a mystery paper bag with a date scribbled on it.
Vada expresses her desire to travel someday, so Shelly concocts a plan for her to travel to Los Angeles during her spring break, where she can stay with her Uncle Phil and do research on her mother, who lived inA.
growing up.
Harry does not go along with the idea, believing Vada is too young to be traveling by herself, and fearing what might happen to her inA.
Eventually, he lets her take the five-day trip.
On arriving inA, Vada finds herself confronting a boy her age named Nick (O'Brien), who comes to pick her up at the airport instead of Uncle Phil.
Nick is the son of Uncle Phil's girlfriend Rose (Ebersole), and he is asked to show Vada around the city.
While annoyed at first about sacrificing his own spring break, he helps Vada with the difficult search of learning more about her mother.
Their relationship, which starts out reluctantly, gradually grows stronger.
Vada and Nick meet several people who knew her mother.
Some of the things she finds out don't sit well with her, such as her mother being suspended from school for smoking.
Two of these acquaintances have a look at that paper bag from Vada's small box of memories about her mother, but neither can decipher it.
When another blurts out the name Jeffrey Pommeroy, thinking that he is Vada's father but of course isn't; Vada is crushed, and wonders why her father never mentioned this person.
Eventually, but with some hesitation, she goes to see Jeffrey (John David Souther), her mother's first husband.
He provides Vada with valuable information to help with her assignment, including home movies and the answer behind the date written on the paper bag.
An a cappella rendition of the Charlie Chaplin song "Smile" appears in the home movies, sung by her mother (Angeline Ball).
Meanwhile, Uncle Phil is trying to prove his love to Rose, after a man who owns a fancy car that supposedly needs many tune-ups tries to sweep her away.
When Uncle Phil gets the courage to show what she means to him, he proposes.
As Vada is about to return home, she and Nick share a final moment at the airport, ending in a kiss.
Also, she receives earrings from him as a gift (she gets her ears pierced while inA, even though Nick is against the "barbaric custom").
When she returns home, she realizes Shelly had just had a baby boy, who has a crying spell.
As Vada holds him, she sings "Smile" to her new half-brother to calm him, the same song she heard her mother singing in the home movies.
Her essay on her mother gets an A+.
A brief scene where Nick sees Vada wearing a mood ring, which has ties to her late friend, Thomas, also appears in the movie for continuity.
In New York City, 1922, flapper Millie Dillmount (Julie Andrews) is determined to find work as a stenographer to a wealthy businessman and then marry him – a "thoroughly modern" goal.
Millie befriends the sweet yet naive Miss Dorothy Brown (Mary Tyler Moore) as the latter checks into the Priscilla Hotel.
When house mother mrs Meers (Beatrice Lillie) learns Miss Dorothy is an orphan, she remarks, "Sad to be all alone in the world".
Unbeknownst to Millie, the woman is selling her tenants into white slavery, and those without family or close friends are her primary targets.
At a friendship dance in the hall, Millie meets the devil-may-care paper clip salesman Jimmy Smith (James Fox), to whom she takes an instant liking.
However, she carries on with her plan to work for and then marry a rich man, and when she gets a job at Sincere Trust, she sets her sights on the attractive but self-absorbed Trevor Graydon (John Gavin).
Jimmy later takes her and Miss Dorothy on an outing to Long Island, where they meet eccentric widow Muzzy Van Hossmere (Carol Channing).
Jimmy tells the girls that his father was Muzzy's former gardener.
Millie begins to fall for Jimmy, but sees him summon Miss Dorothy from her room for a late night rendezvous, and assumes the worst.
Millie is determined to stick to her plan and marry Trevor.
One morning, she goes to work dressed as a flapper and attempts to seduce him, but her effort fails.
Eventually, Trevor sees Miss Dorothy and falls in love with her and vice versa, leaving Millie heartbroken.
Meanwhile, Jimmy's attempts to talk to Millie are continually thwarted by no-nonsense head stenographer Miss Flannary (Cavada Humphrey).
He eventually climbs up the side of the building and when he finally gets to talk to Millie, she tells him she is quitting her job since mr Graydon is no longer available.
mrs Meers makes several attempts to kidnap Miss Dorothy and hand her over to her Chinese henchmen Bun Foo (Pat Morita) and Ching Ho (Jack Soo), but Millie manages to interrupt her every time.
When mrs Meers finally succeeds, Millie finds Trevor drowning his sorrows, and he tells her Miss Dorothy stood him up and checked out of the hotel.
Jimmy climbs into Miss Dorothy's room and lets Millie in, and they find all of Miss Dorothy's possessions still there.
Millie realizes Miss Dorothy is just one of several girls who have vanished without a word to anyone, except to mrs Meers.
Together with Trevor Graydon, they try to piece the puzzle together.
When Jimmy asks what all the missing girls had in common, Millie mentions that they were all orphans.
Jimmy disguises himself as a woman named Mary James seeking accommodations at the Priscilla Hotel, and "casually" mentions to mrs Meers that she is an orphan.
mrs Meers spots Trevor sitting in his car in front of the hotel, becomes suspicious, and shoots him with a tranquilizer dart.
Mary James is subsequently captured by mrs Meers and Bun Foo, and Millie follows them to Chinatown, where the unconscious Jimmy has been hidden in a room in a fireworks factory where Miss Dorothy is sleeping.
Trying to look casual, Millie has been smoking a cigarette outside the building, and when she begins to choke on it, she tosses it into a window, setting off the fireworks.
As a series of explosions tear through the building, Millie dashes into the factory and finds several white girls tied up and about to be sent off to Beijing.
She unties a couple of them, who then free the other girls, and then bumps into Miss Dorothy.
They carry Jimmy out of the building and head for Long Island and Muzzy.
mrs Meers, Bun Foo, and Ching Ho follow Millie and the gang, but under Muzzy's leadership everyone manages to subdue the nefarious trio.
Millie then discovers Jimmy and Miss Dorothy are millionaire siblings and Muzzy is their stepmother, who sent them out into the world to find partners who would love them for who they were and not for their money.
Millie marries Jimmy and Miss Dorothy marries Trevor.
Celeste (Kim Basinger) is an alien sent on a secret mission to Earth and Steven Mills (Dan Aykroyd) is a widowed scientist who is working on different ways to send radio waves into deep space.
An accident causes a disruption of gravity on Celeste's home world (Cosine N to the 8th).
She is sent to investigate who could affect gravity and how it was done, believing it was an attack.
She is aided by an alien device resembling a tentacle with an eye, which hides in a designer purse to aid Celeste with her encounters on Earth.
The bag is able to create any object, such as diamonds and designer dresses almost instantaneously.
Celeste crashes a party hosted by Steven's brother Ron (Jon Lovitz), where she immediately draws attention to herself by making dated references to old TV shows and political slogans under the mistaken belief that it was current (her superiors had just collected the information, which had taken 92 years to get from Earth to her home world).
Celeste's inexperience almost results in her exposing herself as alien when she struggles with simple tasks like trying to kiss for the first time or cooking.
Jessie Mills (Alyson Hannigan), Steven's 13-year-old daughter, notices Celeste's strange habits, like eating car batteries and pulling hard boiled eggs out of boiling hot water with her bare hands, and becomes suspicious of her.
However, she cannot convince her smitten father that something is unusual about Celeste.
Ron also has his doubts about Celeste, but more on the basis that he feels his brother is doing too much too soon by asking to marry Celeste only a few days after they first met.
Ron tries to dissuade Steven from marrying Celeste on the idea she is an illegal immigrant or planning economic espionage, but then admits he is jealous his brother found his dream girl whereas he will never find a girl like Princess Stéphanie of Monaco.
Celeste encounters new experiences such as sneezing, sexual intercourse, and love.
When finally confronted about being an extraterrestrial by Jessie, Celeste admits her home world is without emotion.
Celeste plans to depart once she discovers the truth, but is put in a quandary by Jessie, who says it will devastate her father, for whom Celeste has now developed feelings.
After Jessie argues with her dad, she runs away and is nearly hit by a car, but is saved by Celeste's powers.
This reveals to Steven that Celeste is indeed an alien and that she has fallen in love with him and accepted Jessie as her own daughter.
When the leaders of Celeste's home world report in, they ask her to destroy the planet Earth until Steven and she manage to convince them it was not an act of aggression, but an accident.
They accept the explanation on the basis that gravity is returning to normal on their planet and give their blessing for Celeste to be with Steven.
Initially, however, they demand that Celeste return to explain human culture to them, but settle for a native of Earth to serve as ambassador to their world as a token of goodwill.
The ambassadorship is accepted by Ron, who departs for Celeste's world in a spaceship served by several flight attendants, all of whom look like Princess Stéphanie.
Five years after the first film, Crown Princess of Genovia Amelia "Mia" Thermopolis (Anne Hathaway) has just graduated from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School and is returning to Genovia with her bodyguard Joe (Héctor Elizondo).
There, she will await her reign once her grandmother, Queen Clarisse (Julie Andrews), steps down as Queen.
During Mia's 21st birthday party, she dances with all the eligible bachelors in hope of finding a husband.
She becomes attracted to a handsome gentleman named Nicholas (Chris Pine).
During the course of the night, Mia's tiara falls off and is caught by a Member of Parliament, Viscount Mabrey (John Rhys-Davies) who secretly plans to steal Mia's crown.
While the Parliament is in-session the next morning, Mia stumbles upon a hidden room that allows her to secretly listen in.
Viscount Mabrey reveals his nephew, Lord Devereaux, is another heir to the Genovian throne.
Despite Queen Clarisse's objection, the only way Mia can assume her duties as Queen is if she marries within the month.
Clarisse invites Lord Devereaux to stay at the palace, while Mia is shocked to discover Lord Devereaux is Nicholas.
Mia's best friend Lilly Moscovitz (Heather Matarazzo) surprises her by visiting.
Together, they pick through potential husbands.
Mia eventually chooses Andrew Jacoby (Callum Blue), Duke of Kenilworth and days later they are engaged.
Mabrey plans to have Nicholas woo Mia and dissolve the engagement.
For a ceremony, Mia is to ride sidesaddle but does not know how.
Queen Clarisse provides an ancestral wooden leg decoy to make it look like she's riding sidesaddle.
Mabrey spooks Mia's horse with a rubber snake and Joe rushes to Mia's aide, but accidentally tears off the wooden leg.
Humiliated, Mia flees to the stables, where Nicholas fails to comfort her.
At a garden party, Mia and Nicholas quarrel about Mia's relationship with Andrew; Nicholas tricks Mia into admitting she doesn't love him.
Angered, she argues but instead gets bombarded by a kiss.
At first, she kisses him back but then backs away.
Nicholas pursues her even more, which causes both of them to fall into a fountain.
Queen Clarisse finally tells Mia that her behavior with Nicholas needs to stop.
During the Genovian Independence Day parade, Mia sees some boys picking on a little girl (Abigail Breslin), and abruptly halts the parade to comfort the girl.
Learning the children are orphans, Mia has a vendor give them all tiaras and lets them walk with her in the parade.
Everyone is impressed by her act of generosity, while Mabrey sees it as a political maneuver.
Mia later decides to convert one of the royal palaces into a temporary children's center.
That night, Mia has her bachelorette/sleepover party, where Queen Clarisse surfs on a mattress and sings a duet with Princess Asana (Raven-Symoné), one of Mia's good friends.
In the meantime, Mabrey realizes Nicholas has fallen for Mia, but Nicholas says that Mia will never love him.
Nicholas comes upon Mia as she is practicing her archery as part of her coronation rites.
He helps her succeed in getting the arrow to hit the bullseye, something she had been struggling with.
Nicholas then informs Mia that he is leaving, but asks to see her just one more time before he goes.
She declines, saying she is under close guard.
That night, Nicholas appears outside Mia's window and asks her to come out.
Lilly encourages her to go, and Mia sneaks out.
They ride out to a lake where they share secrets, dance and eventually fall asleep.
They awaken to find a man in a boat videotaping them.
Mia thinks Nicholas set her up, while he insists he had no idea.
By the time Mia gets back to the palace, the scandalous footage is already being broadcast.
Andrew is disappointed and kisses Mia to see if there is a romantic spark between them.
They realize they do not love each other, but do not call off the wedding for the good of Genovia.
The wedding is to take place the following day, and Mia's mother Helen (Caroline Goodall) comes with her new husband Patrick (Sean O'Bryan) and their newborn son Trevor.
Nicholas decides against attending, but his surly housekeeper Gretchen informs him that Mabrey engineered their televised scandal.
Right before the wedding, Joe informs Mia that Nicholas is innocent.
Queen Clarisse encourages Mia to follow her heart, something she has never done and has now cost her Joe, the only man she truly loved.
Mia reenters the church, and after pointing out how her grandmother has ruled Genovia while unmarried for a number of years, she tells the members of parliament in the audience to consider the significant women in their lives (such as their wives, sisters, daughters and nieces) and questions if they would have them do what they're trying to force her to do (marrying people they don't love).
Mabrey cites the law again and once again suggests that his nephew be named King, but just then, Nicholas not only refuses the crown, but also disowns Mabrey as his uncle.
Mia proposes the law on royal marriages be abolished, and the Parliament unanimously gives its assent.
Encouraged by Mia to have her own happy ending, Clarisse proposes to Joe and they are promptly married.
About a week later, Mia is preparing for her coronation when Nicholas shows up.
He professes his love for Mia on bended knees, and they share a romantic kiss.
The next day, Mia is crowned "Her Majesty Amelia Mignonette Thermopolis Renaldi, Queen of Genovia", with all in attendance in the royal palace.
An epilogue shows that Genovian Parliament now allows female members, one of whom is Charlotte.
And Queen Mia officially opens the children's home.
Agent Cody Banks (Frankie Muniz) attends summer camp, actually a secret facility for training CIA teenage agents.
When a group of CIA soldiers attempt to abduct head counselor Victor Diaz (Keith Allen), Cody helps him escape, mistaking the CIA operation for a training exercise.
The director informs Cody that Diaz stole disks containing plans for a secret mind-control device, and sends Cody to recapture him.
In the United Kingdom, Cody poses as a summer orchestra student at the Kenworth estate to spy on owner Lord Duncan Kenworth, suspected of working with Diaz, supported by his handler, Derek (Anthony Anderson) and Kumar, Derek's right-hand man, who are disguised as a chef hired by Lady Josephine Kenworth and a taxi driver respectively.
Whilst keeping his mission a secret from his fellow students, Cody sneaks around the estate and confirms that Diaz and Duncan are working together and that they have a working prototype of the mind control device, evidenced when Duncan makes a dog serve drinks and play the piano.
The next day, Cody breaks into a lab owned by Duncan, where he sees the finished device: a microchip inserted as a filling into a tooth cavity by dentist Santiago.
Shortly afterwards Cody and Derek chase Diaz, armed with a rocket gun, through London streets, but Cody is captured by the Metropolitan Police Service and taken to Scotland Yard.
He is later freed by Emily (Hannah Spearritt), a fellow student who, similar to Cody, is actually a British MI6 undercover operative.
While Emily buys coffee and soda, henchmen sneak up on Cody, knocking him unconscious by drugging him with spray.
They kidnap him and implant him with the microchip.
Under Duncan, Santiago and Diaz's influence, Cody meets the CIA director, who is then also converted.
This is witnessed by Emily, who explains things to Derek.
To get the microchip out of Cody, Derek cuts one of Cody's gadgets, exploding Mentos mints, into a precisely minuscule amount to safely remove it.
The group later realise Diaz's plan: to implant all of the world leaders, who are all in London for a G7 summit at Buckingham Palace, effectively giving him control of the world.
Deducing that with the CIA director under Diaz's control, they may be put on a most wanted list, Cody, Derek and Emily infiltrate the party before the summit.
There, they realize that most of the dignitaries have already been implanted due to bizarre behavior and Duncan being appointed director of the Royal Mint by the British Prime Minister (upon accepting this, Duncan cruelly states to Josephine that he is leaving her).
They explain the truth to the other students, who are performing for the guests, and urge them to keep the world leaders from attending the G7 summit.
They later proceed to do so with an impromptu but rousing performance of War, accompanied by dancing and clapping from the assembled dignitaries and Queen Elizabeth herself, whilst Cody, Emily and Derek search for the villains.
Derek is implanted with the microchip, and is set on Cody by Santiago.
Before Santiago can kill him through Derek, Emily finds and subdues him, disabling the mind control software and rescuing theS.
President, who was to be implanted.
Shortly after Cody kicks out Derek's microchip, the two of them remove the CIA director's microchip.
Diaz, realising that his plan has failed attempts to flee, but ends up fighting, and being defeated by Cody in the Queen's gift room, destroying numerous priceless artifacts in the process.
Duncan also attempts to escape, but is tripped by his apparently senile and blind butler, who turns out to be Emily's handler and is arrested, much to Lady Kenworth's delight.
After the villains are arrested, Cody returns to the camp, where Derek is now in charge as reward.
Cody's parents pick him up, none the wiser about his dangerous exploits.
Alex, Cody's younger brother tries to eat a few of his explosive Mentos, but Cody tosses them into the pond where they explode harmlessly.
Billy Madison is the 27-year-old heir to a Fortune 500 hotel company that his father, Brian, has created.
He spends his days drinking with friends and creating disturbances across his father's estate.
One day, Billy ruins a dinner meeting between his father and his associates by acting obnoxiously.
Brian loses confidence in his son and chooses the conniving Eric Gordon as his successor.
When Billy begs his father to reconsider his decision, Brian reveals that he secretly bribed Billy's school teachers to give him passing grades.
The two finally compromise: Billy must complete all 12 grades in two-week intervals to prove he is competent enough to manage the company.
Shortly after enrolling into school, Billy becomes attracted to a teacher named Veronica Vaughn, who initially ignores him.
Nevertheless, Billy successfully progresses through his first two grades.
He finds himself as one of Veronica's students in the third grade and earns her respect by standing up for Ernie, his friend and classmate.
Billy becomes popular among the third graders and misses them as he advances through school.
Billy's progress alarms Eric, who becomes increasingly agitated as Billy completes each grade.
Eric blackmails Billy's principal, Max Anderson, into claiming that Billy bribed him for passing grades.
Brian swiftly terminates his agreement with Billy and renames Eric as his successor.
Billy grows distraught and reverts to his carefree lifestyle.
Veronica motivates him to return to school, while his grade school classmates convince Max to retract his bribery accusations.
Brian agrees to give Billy another chance but Eric cites that Billy failed the challenge by taking more than two weeks to complete a grade.
He then threatens to sue Brian if he does not pass the company onto him.
Billy intervenes and challenges Eric to an academic decathlon to finally settle their feud.
Both men excel in different activities but Billy manages to take a single-point lead before the contest's final event, a Jeopardy.
-style academic test.
Billy stumbles on the opening question in the event, and Eric is given the chance to win the contest by answering a question about business ethics.
Eric is unable to withstand the pressure and breaks down.
He brandishes a handgun, but Max tackles Eric before he can harm Billy.
Eric recovers from the attack and attempts to shoot Veronica, but he is shot by Danny McGrath, a rifle-wielding madman whom Billy apologized to earlier for bullying him.
At his graduation, Billy is delivering a speech.
Billy announces he will pass the hotel business to Carl Alphonse, one of his father's more polite businessmen, and attend college in order to become a teacher.
Eric watches on and fumes in frustration over Billy's decision.
High school senior Walter Gibson (John Cusack) and his best friend Lance (Anthony Edwards) are celebrating the fact they are moving on to college, but all Walter can do is lament the fact that he has lost his touch with women.
Lance heads to UCLA while Walter moves on to college in New England.
The two keep in touch by writing letters, but Walter's luck has not changed.
His attempt to get close to Alison Bradbury (Daphne Zuniga) from his English class by tricking her into tutoring him only results in his angering and alienating her.
Eventually he receives a phone call from Lance telling him to come to California for Christmas break because he has set him up with the beautiful girl (Nicollette Sheridan), assuring him she is a Sure Thing.
Walter finds a ride from a ride share board to make the trip.
He meets Gary Cooper (Tim Robbins) and Mary Ann Webster (Lisa Jane Persky), the couple providing the ride: they are extroverted and upbeat to a fault.
Things go from bad to worse when he realizes he will be sitting next to Alison as she heads to UCLA to visit her boyfriend Jason (Boyd Gaines).
The tension and bickering between Walter and Alison becomes too much for Cooper, and he abandons them on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere and Alison hitches a ride which turns out to be a big mistake, the guy stops at a deserted little pocket of the road and tries to rape her, but Walter comes to her rescue just in the nick of time.
As they hitch to California, they overcome issues with transportation, weather, lack of food, lack of money (caused by Alison leaving her wallet behind) and sleeping arrangements, while at the same time developing genuine feelings for one another.
Upon arriving in California, Alison discovers the real reason Walter is making the trip is to meet his "Sure Thing" and angrily runs off.
That night at a college mixer Lance has arranged for Walter to meet his "Sure Thing".
Meanwhile, Alison is spending a boring night with Jason when she drags him to the same mixer for some fun.
Alison and Walter see each other at the party, but jealousy leads to a confrontation between the two.
Walter takes the Sure Thing to Lance's room, but cannot stop thinking about Alison.
Back on campus after the break, Alison and Walter are obviously uncomfortable around each other.
In their English class, Professor Taub (Viveca Lindfors) reads an essay composed by Walter as a writing assignment, which is a description of his night with the Sure Thing.
The girl in the essay asks the protagonist if he loves her, but for the first time he realizes that those are not just words and he cannot sleep with her.
Alison realizes what actually happened that night, and they kiss.
Richard Sherman (Tom Ewell) is a nerdy, faithful, middle-aged publishing executive with an overactive imagination and a mid-life crisis, whose wife, Helen (Evelyn Keyes), and son, Ricky (Butch Bernard), are spending the summer in Maine.
When he returns home with the kayak paddle Ricky accidentally left behind, he meets a woman (Marilyn Monroe), who is a commercial actress and former model who rents the apartment upstairs while in town to make television spots for a brand of toothpaste.
That evening, he works on reading the manuscript of a book in which psychiatrist dr Brubaker (Oskar Homolka) claims that almost all men are driven to have extra-marital affairs in the seventh year of marriage.
Sherman has an imaginary conversation with Helen, trying to convince her, in three fantasy sequences, that he is irresistible to women, including his secretary, a nurse, and Helen's bridesmaid, but she laughs it off.
A tomato plant then crashes into his lounge chair; the woman upstairs apologizes for accidentally knocking it off the balcony, and Richard invites her down for a drink.
He waits for her to get dressed, including in underwear she says she keeps cool in her icebox.
When she arrives, a vision in pink, they have a drink and he lies about being married.
When she sees his wedding ring, he backtracks but she is unconcerned, having no designs on him, only on his air-conditioning.
He has a fantasy that she is a femme fatale overcome by his playing of Rachmaninoff's Second Piano Concerto.
In reality, she prefers Chopsticks, which they play together.
Richard, overcome by his fantasies, awkwardly grabs at her, causing them to fall off the piano bench.
He apologizes for his indiscretion but she says it happens to her all the time.
Guilt-ridden, however, he asks her to leave.
Over the next few days, they spend more time together and Richard imagines that they are growing closer, although she is immune to his imagined charms.
Helen continually calls her husband, asking him to send the paddle so Ricky can use the kayak, but Richard is repeatedly distracted.
His waning resolve to resist temptation fuels his fear that he is succumbing to the "Seven Year Itch".
He seeks help from dr Brubaker, but to no avail.
His imagination then runs even wilder: the young woman tells a plumber (Victor Moore) how Richard is "just like The Creature from the Black Lagoon"; the plumber repeats her story to neighbor McKenzie, whom Helen had asked to drop by to pick up Ricky's paddle.
Richard imagines his wife with McKenzie on a hayride which actually takes place but into which he injects his paranoia, guilt and jealousy.
After seeing The Creature from the Black Lagoon, the young woman stands over the subway grate to experience the breeze&nbsp;– Monroe in the iconic scene in the pleated white halter dress, blowing her skirt in the wind.
Eventually coming to his senses, and fearing his wife's retribution, which he imagines in a fantasy scene, Richard, paddle in hand, tells the young woman she can stay in his apartment; then he runs off to catch the next train to Maine to be with Helen and Ricky.
Seventeen-year-old Megan (Natasha Lyonne) is a sunny high school senior who loves cheerleading and is dating football player Jared (Brandt Wille).
She does not enjoy kissing Jared, however, and prefers looking at her fellow cheerleaders.
Combined with Megan's interest in vegetarianism and Melissa Etheridge, her family and friends suspect that Megan is in fact a lesbian.
With the help of ex-gay Mike (RuPaul), they surprise her with an intervention.
Following this confrontation, Megan is sent to True Directions, a reparative therapy camp which uses a five-step program (similar to Alcoholics Anonymous' twelve-step program) to convert its campers to heterosexuality.
At True Directions, Megan meets the founder, strict disciplinarian Mary Brown (Cathy Moriarty), Mary's supposedly heterosexual son Rock (Eddie Cibrian), and a group of young people trying to "cure" themselves of their homosexuality.
With the prompting of Mary and the other campers, Megan reluctantly agrees that she is a lesbian (step 1 of the five-step program).
This fact, at odds with her traditional, religious upbringing, distresses her and she puts every effort into becoming heterosexual.
Early on in her stay at True Directions, Megan discovers two of the boys, Dolph and Clayton (Dante Basco and Kip Pardue), making out.
She panics and screams, leading to their discovery by Mike.
Dolph is made to leave and Clayton is punished by being forced into isolation.
The True Directions program involves the campers admitting their homosexuality (step 1), rediscovering their gender identity by performing stereotypically gender-associated tasks (step 2), finding the root of their homosexuality through family therapy (step 3), demystifying the other sex (step 4), and simulating heterosexual intercourse (step 5).
Over the course of the program, Megan becomes friends with another girl at the camp, a college student named Graham (Clea DuVall) who, though more comfortable being gay than Megan, was forced to the camp at the risk of otherwise being disowned by her family.
The True Directions kids are encouraged to rebel against Mary by two of her former students, ex-ex-gays Larry and Lloyd (Richard Moll and Wesley Mann), who take the campers to a local gay bar where Graham and Megan's relationship develops into a romance.
When Mary discovers the trip, she makes them all picket Larry and Lloyd's house, carrying placards and shouting homophobic abuse.
Megan and Graham sneak away one night to have sex and begin to fall in love.
When Mary finds out, Megan, now at ease with her sexual identity, is unrepentant.
She is made to leave True Directions and, now homeless, goes to stay with Larry and Lloyd.
Graham, afraid to defy her father, remains at the camp.
Megan and Dolph, who is also living with Larry and Lloyd, plan to win back Graham and Clayton.
Megan and Dolph infiltrate the True Directions graduation ceremony where Dolph easily coaxes Clayton away.
Megan entreats Graham to join them as well, but Graham nervously declines.
Megan then performs a cheer for Graham and tells her that she loves her, finally winning Graham over.
They drive off with Dolph and Clayton.
The final scene of the film shows Megan's parents (Mink Stole and Bud Cort) attending a PFLAG meeting to come to terms with their daughter's homosexuality.
In the early 1990s, retired entertainer Dixie Leonard (Midler) has a commitment to attend a Hollywood ceremony being televised live to honor her and her longtime show-biz partner Eddie Sparks (Caan).
When a young man from the TV show comes to pick her up, Dixie balks and explains what brought Eddie and her together, as well as what drove them apart.
The majority of the film is an extended flashback.
Dixie's story begins during World War II when she receives an offer to entertain the troops overseas as part of Eddie's act.
Dixie is an instant hit with the boys in uniform, but Eddie wants her gone, ostensibly because he finds her kind of humor too coarse, but really because she stole the show by topping his jokes.
Dixie doesn't care for him much either, but fellow entertainers and her joke-writer uncle (Segal) persuade her to stay.
Eddie wins her over, particularly by reuniting Dixie with her soldier husband on stage.
However, later in the war, Dixie's husband dies in battle.
Despite her distaste for Eddie, she continues working with him back in theS.
to support herself and her son.
Eddie is married with daughters, but treats Dixie's son as if he were his own.
As the Korean War breaks out, Eddie announces on stage that he and Dixie will be performing for the US troops there, without having told Dixie of his plans first.
In revenge, Dixie announces that Eddie made a $ 100,000 donation to the Red Cross.
Reluctantly, she travels to Korea with him.
On their way to the camp, they encounter a unit of soldiers which has been ambushed.
Dixie cares for a wounded soldier but cannot save him: he is pronounced dead on arrival at the field hospital.
Dixie and Eddie appear to spend the night together.
At the Christmas dinner, a fight ensues after Art announces to everybody that Eddie has fired him for being a communist sympathizer.
In the meantime, Danny (Rydell) has grown up to be a soldier like his father, and is deployed to Vietnam.
Dixie eventually agrees to perform there for Christmas with Eddie.
On their way to the camp, the performers are warned of the camp possibly getting attacked, because of which they are to be flown out immediately after their performance.
Before going on stage, Dixie and Eddie meet Danny, who reveals to them the barbarity which is spreading among his comrades.
The show begins with the performance of a dancer, who starts getting harassed by the soldiers, and only Eddie's intervention prevents the situation from getting out of control.
Dixie comes on stage and makes some cynical remarks about the soldiers, then sings “In My Life”.
While she is still on stage, the camp is attacked in a mortar barrage.
Dixie and Eddie manage to seek shelter, but Danny is killed right in front of them, which they both mourn.
Dixie has not forgiven Eddie for his part in all this, and they have another heated argument in the dressing room.
Eddie goes out on stage alone.
But, at the last minute, because he speaks of their joint loss in Vietnam, Dixie joins him on stage for one last song and dance, before appearing to accept their mutual love for one another.
In the 19th century, a Grande Dame (Jeanne Moreau) summons The Brothers Grimm (Joerg Stadler and Andy Henderson) to her palace, where the brothers discuss their interpretation of the Cinderella story and notice a painting displayed in the room.
The Grande Dame shows the brothers a glass slipper and tells them the story of Danielle de Barbarac.
In 16th-century France, Auguste de Barbarac (Jeroen Krabbé) is a widower and the father of eight-year-old Danielle (Anna Maguire).
Auguste marries Rodmilla de Ghent (Anjelica Huston), a wealthy baroness with two daughters, Marguerite and Jacqueline (Elizabeth Earl and Alice Pooley).
Later that evening, Auguste gives Danielle a copy of Thomas More's Utopia.
Before dying of a heart attack just as Auguste leaves for business, his last words are directed to Danielle, which causes Rodmilla to envy Danielle and mistreat her for the next ten years.
By the time Danielle (Drew Barrymore) is eighteen, the estate has fallen into decline.
The Baroness is not interested in farming and wishes to get back to the Royal Court.
Meanwhile, Danielle serves her stepmother, Marguerite (Megan Dodds), and Jacqueline (Melanie Lynskey) in her home.
Danielle sees a man stealing her father's horse and unseats him with an apple until she recognizes he is Prince Henry (Dougray Scott).
Henry buys her silence with gold because King Francis (Timothy West) and Queen Marie (Judy Parfitt) tell Henry that he must choose a bride before the masquerade ball or wed the Spanish princess, Gabriella.
However, Henry's escape is foiled when he encounters gypsies robbing Leonardo da Vinci (Patrick Godfrey).
Henry chases the thief and returns the Mona Lisa to da Vinci.
Meanwhile, Danielle dresses as a noblewoman and leaves to buy back Maurice (Walter Sparrow), whom the Baroness has sold to pay her debts.
Henry overhears Danielle argue with the Cargomaster (Al Ashton) and orders Maurice's release.
Henry begs for Danielle’s name but she lies and gives Henry the name of her mother, who died giving birth to Danielle.
Danielle and Henry are ambushed by gypsies after stumbling upon each other by a river.
Danielle resolves the issue and they share their first kiss.
The next morning, Danielle catches Rodmilla and Marguerite stealing her mother's dress and slippers for Marguerite to wear to the ball.
Marguerite insults Danielle about her mother's death, punches Marguerite in the face and chases her until Marguerite threatens to throw Utopia into the fireplace.
Danielle returns her mother's slippers to Rodmilla in exchange for the book, but Marguerite burns it in the fire anyway.
After Danielle is whipped, Jacqueline tends to her wounds and condemns Marguerite for insulting Danielle's mother.
During a lunch with Queen Marie, Rodmilla discovers that Danielle is the Countess that Henry has been spending time with and tells the Queen that Danielle is engaged.
Rodmilla confronts Danielle and locks her in the pantry until Danielle's friend, Gustave (Lee Ingleby), asks Leonardo da Vinci for help.
Leonardo da Vinci helps free Danielle and makes her a pair of wings with her mother's dress and slippers for the ball.
When Danielle arrives at the ball, Rodmilla exposes her identity in front of Henry, causing him to be shocked and enraged.
Leonardo da Vinci finds Danielle's slipper that she lost when fleeing the castle.
He reprimands Henry for his attitude, leaving him with the slipper.
Henry and Gabriella decide to wed, but Henry calls the wedding off.
Henry looks for Danielle but finds that Rodmilla sold her to landowner, Pierre le Pieu (Richard O'Brien).
After Pierre makes sexual advances towards Danielle, she cuts Pierre's face with a sword, threatening to dismember him.
Pierre gives Danielle the key to her shackles.
Henry arrives as Danielle leaves Pierre's mansion.
He apologizes and proposes to Danielle by placing the glass slipper on her foot.
Rodmilla and her daughters are summoned to the Royal Court.
King Francis accuses Rodmilla of lying to Queen Marie about Danielle.
Queen Marie strips Rodmilla of her title and threatens to exile her and Marguerite to the Americas if no one speaks for them.
Danielle is introduced as Henry's wife and wishes Rodmilla and Marguerite the same courtesy they had shown her.
Rodmilla and Marguerite are sentenced to work as royal laundry maids for the rest of their lives.
Jacqueline is spared and becomes Danielle's lady-in-waiting.
After da Vinci gives Henry and Danielle a painting, they share a kiss.
The Grande Dame informs The Brothers Grimm that Danielle was her great-great-grandmother.
As a result, although Danielle and Henry lived happily ever after, the point is that they lived.
The entire ruling family of the United Kingdom is electrocuted in a freak accident while posing for a family photograph.
Sir Cedric Willingham (Peter O'Toole) leads a search for any surviving heirs to whom to pass the crown.
A researcher finally locates a living heir named Ralph Jones (John Goodman), an American.
In Las Vegas, Ralph, an easygoing slob, works as a lounge singer/piano player in a casino.
Ralph is informed that he is now king; his grandfather, the first Duke of Warren, engaged in an affair with a hotel maid while visiting the States.
Since his father and grandfather have died, Ralph is the only surviving heir.
Ralph is flown to London, where he meets Willingham and begins a long period of instruction intended to turn him into a proper monarch.
He is schooled in English history and culture and shown a variety of English dishes.
Shortly after his arrival, Ralph goes to a strip club, meeting the exotic dancer Miranda Greene (Camille Coduri).
When she is unable to perform topless, Ralph meets her backstage.
She is skeptical of his claim to be king, but Ralph proposes that if he can prove he is, Miranda will go on a date with him, and his appearance on the news proves his claim.
Lord Percival Graves (John Hurt), Prime Minister Geoffrey Hale (James Villiers), and Willingham meet to discuss Ralph's selection as King.
Graves is opposed to having an American on the throne, and proposes to declare the ruling family line at an end and replace it with the serene House of Stuart.
As Graves is the patriarch of the Stuarts, he would thus become King.
Hale states that Ralph has royal blood, and that the country will have to accept him unless Ralph commits a grievous error.
Graves decides to use Miranda to embarrass Ralph and remove him from the throne.
Offered money to maneuver Ralph into a compromising position, Miranda accepts.
She and Ralph begin falling in love.
Miranda returns the money to Graves, but Graves already has pictures of them.
To protect Ralph, Miranda severs the relationship.
Despite Ralph's reluctance to accept British culture and his ineptness in formal affairs, he makes a positive impression on King Mulambon (Rudolph Walker) of Zambezi during the latter's state visit.
The two monarchs share their concerns about the role of leadership they have assumed and the economic interests of their nations.
Ralph accumulates a small but loyal following.
Ralph's staff arrange for him to marry Princess Anna (Joely Richardson) of Finland; Ralph receives her and her parents on a state visit.
Graves has photos of Miranda and Ralph passed around at the royal ball, which, along with Ralph's wild rendition of "Good Golly Miss Molly" on a harpsichord, ruin any chances of a Royal marriage and causes a Finnish company to award a coveted contract to the Japanese.
Having failed to realize that the role of King comes with formal expectations, and that he cannot rely on his charm or blue-collar background, Ralph accepts a stern rebuke from Sir Cedric Willingham and endeavors to set things right.
Miranda confesses to Ralph her role in the scandal.
Ralph develops suspicions about his circumstances, and learns that Willingham is another heir to the throne and had refused the role.
Ralph addresses Parliament.
He apologizes for his recent actions and informs Parliament that he has worked out a deal with the King of Zambezi that will create British jobs.
He then reveals that Graves has been sabotaging his succession to the throne and has him arrested for violating the Treason Act of 1702.
Finally, he tells the British people that he believes they deserve a better monarch.
Ralph abdicates his throne, revealing that Willingham will succeed him.
Willingham becomes King Cedric I and decide to fulfil Ralph's legacy as a great king from him, and Ralph pursues his relationship with Miranda, along with his dreams of being a rock star.
Ralph bids goodbye to his friends and his newly discovered relative.
King Cedric appoints Ralph the third Duke of Warren, with a lucrative annual salary, a palace in the country and a state-of-the-art recording studio.
Some years later, Miranda, now Duchess of Warren, sits with her and Ralph's son Baby Ralph II who will be the second heir to the throne after Cedric, watching her husband perform with his musical group, Ralph and the Dukettes.
Nightclub manager Darnell Wright is a perpetual playboy and hopeless male chauvinist.
He works for a nightclub called Chocolate City and aspires to be its owner.
He trades VIP privileges at the club for favors from women.
Though he is an expert at conning women, he sometimes worries about what his childhood sweetheart Mia (Regina King) thinks of his adventures.
When the classy and elegant Brandi (Lynn Whitfield) steps out of a limousine to enter the club, Darnell feels that he's met his ultimate prize.
She rejects his come-ons, which only fuels his appetite.
He pursues her, showing up with flowers at her real estate office.
He finally wins over Brandi, only to find out that he's really in love with Mia.
But Brandi doesn't take kindly to rejection.
It appears that she has borderline personality disorder and becomes an obsessed femme fatale stalking him, even taking all four wheels off his SUV to ground him from his rounds and demolishing his nightclub.
Ending his relationship with Mia is not enough to satisfy Brandi who finally administers Darnell's punishment for his misogyny.
Darnell quickly learns the hard way that when you "play", you have to "pay".
The film ends much like the last verse of the song "A Thin Line Between Love and Hate", with an injured Darnell in the hospital pondering over what happened to him and deciding to change, and a mugshot of Brandi and Darnell's voice saying "Damn I'm truly sorry about what happened to Brandi.
I hope baby lands on her feet, but they better make damn sure they fix that dent in her heart before they let her out".
Wishing to pursue a career as a jazz saxophonist, Pete Hammond Jr.
(Curtis) takes a bus from his home in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, to New York City and optimistically begins looking for work.
However, jobs are extremely hard to find.
He crosses paths with Peggy Brown (Reynolds), a model and dancer who has become jaded and cynical after years of struggling to survive in the city.
She has just been evicted from an apartment rented to Pete, and because she is penniless and has no home to return to, he offers to let her stay with him.
She is forced to rely on his generosity, and as the two of them work at various low-paying jobs, they stay together in the apartment as friends.
Peggy warns him that people can't be trusted, but Pete is encouraged when a band auditions him for a job.
When the other musicians send him out for beer, Pete returns to find that they have stolen his instruments and that he is the victim of a scam.
Peggy grimly but reluctantly tells him "I told you so".
Pete lands a 30-day job as an "alto man" on a cruise ship but has no instruments.
Peggy goes to the abusive taxi dance hall owner she works for, Nelly Miller (Don Rickles), to whom she is already in debt, for another loan to give to Pete and agrees to prostitute herself with his patrons to pay back her debts.
Maintaining a cynical front, Peggy convinces the suspicious Pete that she got the money with "no strings attached".
Pete writes Peggy daily while on the cruise.
When she stalls at fulfilling her end of their deal, Nelly strips Peggy of her dress and shoes to make his point that he owns her.
She runs out on their deal again the night Pete returns, and Nelly threatens to disfigure her.
In love with Peggy and afraid for her, Pete gives up all his wages, his wristwatch and his new instruments to pay off Nelly.
Later Pete tells Peggy that he loves her and confesses that he "mixed" with three women as part of his cruise job.
Peggy agrees to stay with Pete but tells him "no more cruises".
Mollie is an accountant living in New York City who has an affair with Albert, a womanizing executive who is married with two children, and becomes pregnant.
During her pregnancy, Mollie and Albert keep their indiscretion secret, under the idea she was artificially inseminated, and that Albert plans to leave his wife Beth and their two children to be with her.
Mollie and her friend Rona happen to catch Albert fooling around with his interior decorator Melissa and he admits he is planning on living with her after his divorce is finalized.
Mollie leaves upset, and immediately goes into labor.
She gets into a cab where the driver, James Ubriacco, recklessly speeds through downtown traffic in order to get her to the hospital on time, and he is inadvertently a witness to her son Mikey's birth.
Mikey then begins to make commentary on his life and interacts with things through an inner voice which can also communicate with other babies.
Hoping to get her life back on track, Mollie becomes a dedicated single mother; refusing to be superficial about hopeful fathers, but rejecting several men over small quirks that may reflect badly upon Mikey in the future.
She meets James again at her apartment building and discovers he used her mailing address to set up residency in order to get his grandfather Vincent into a nice care home.
She agrees to continue the ruse when he agrees to babysit Mikey, which almost comes to a halt when he takes the baby out to the airport, where he is a part-time commercial pilot while she is taking a nap (leading her to believe he'd kidnapped Mikey).
A year passes, and James, realizing his feelings for Mollie cause him to start sabotaging one of her dates, she soon realizes the bond he and Mikey share and decides to give him a chance.
After a visit to James' grandfather at his new home, James takes her for flying lessons and she realizes she's falling for him, but when they become intimate, she imagines their life together and resists.
James tells Mollie that he loves her, but she says she only wants what is best for Mikey and kicks him out.
Back at work, Mollie is forced by her boss to continue to work with Albert, who insists upon seeing Mikey and she agrees.
But when Albert visits, he meets James and the two get into an argument, the secret upsetting James he asks Mollie if she loves Albert and she claims she does not know.
When he suggests the idea of being the closest thing to a father Mikey has, Mollie tells him that he's like a big kid and is not responsible enough to be a father.
James calls her out for using Mikey to push men away including himself and he storms out.
At the playground, Mikey is told by his friends what "daddies" are, and he realizes he wants James to be his daddy.
James comes to the apartment and tells Mikey that he won't be around any more, and Mollie listens over the baby monitor as he pours his heart out to Mikey who admits he will miss James too.
Mollie takes Mikey to Albert's office to meet him, but when Albert claims he doesn't want the responsibility of being a father, Mollie realizes he hasn't changed and she and Mikey ruin several pieces of his furniture before storming out and putting Albert out of their lives for good.
Back at home, she receives a call from Vincent's home telling her that he's a disruptive influence and abusive to the staff, and she rushes over to clear up the error, managing to convince them to keep Vincent as he was given a chocolate stash that James had earlier instructed an orderly (who didn't speak English) not to let him have more than one a day or it would cause these outbursts.
James arrives and he and Mollie make up.
Meanwhile, Mikey wanders off on his own, searching for James when he sees a taxi cab outside.
After making his way out to the alley he gets into a car and is towed away while Mollie and James search frantically for him.
After spotting him, James and Mollie give chase in his cab and eventually cut off the tow truck, but discover Mikey had gotten out of the car and is now standing in the middle of heavy traffic.
James and Mollie run to reach him and take him to safety, where Mikey unofficially asks James to be his father by saying his first word "Da-da".
James and Mollie realize that Mikey already sees James as his father, and they decide to give it a chance, kissing passionately while Mikey considers telling him he needs a new diaper, before deciding to wait.
Nine months later, Mollie gives birth to her and James' daughter Julie.
When Mikey greets his half-sister she "tells" him she had a day he wouldn't believe.
Helen Harris (Kate Hudson) and Lindsay (Felicity Huffman) were raised by their oldest sister, Jenny (Joan Cusack), after their mother died when Helen was seven.
Now Helen is very successful in the fashion industry, working as the executive assistant to the CEO of one of Manhattan's most prestigious modeling agencies, and now has a nice Manhattan lifestyle which keeps her extremely occupied and content.
But Helen's world suddenly changes when Lindsay and brother-in-law Paul (Sean O'Bryan) die in a car accident, leaving behind three children, turning everyone's life upside down.
Helen and Jenny are in shock when they hear Lindsay and Paul left Helen in charge of their three kids: 15-year-old Audrey (Hayden Panettiere), 10-year-old Henry (Spencer Breslin), and five-year-old Sarah (Abigail Breslin).
Nobody expected Helen to be named guardian of the children especially since Jenny was already a super mom with two children and a third on the way.
But a letter left to Helen by Lindsay convinces her that she can take care of the children.
And Helen decides to do it on her own terms, which means raising the children and maintaining her already fast-paced schedule.
But as work and children begin to interfere, Helen quickly finds herself burnt out and disheartened by her responsibilities and Jenny's lack of faith in her parenting.
Despite her already hectic schedule, Helen finds the time to develop a genuine affection for her new dependents, as well as an equally genuine attraction to Dan Parker (John Corbett), the kids' school principal and local Lutheran pastor.
Busy trying to appease the children and adjust to suddenly being a mom, Helen's concentration on her job begins to slip and she is fired from Dominique (Helen Mirren).
Stuck between a rock and a hard place, she is forced to become a receptionist at a car dealership.
Things begin to look better for her as she bonds with the children and their sexy principal, and finally begins to get the hang of being a mom.
But Audrey, struggling to come to terms with her parents' death, begins to fall in with the wrong crowd and date the wrong kind of guy.
When she disappears from the school prom with her new boyfriend BZ to go find a motel, Helen is forced to call in Jenny as back-up to search all over New York to find Audrey.
Unable to confront Audrey and risk the girl's hatred, once they track her down, Helen turns the parenting reins over to Jenny.
This makes Helen realize that she isn't cut out to be a parent and so she turns the children over into Jenny's custody.
Helen returns to her wild lifestyle full of partying and booze, but feels much less fulfilled than she had been before she became responsible for the children.
She begins to find herself dissatisfied and depressed and so returns to Jenny's house to beg her to let her take the children back home.
She eventually convinces Jenny that she's finally ready to be a parent when she puts her foot down and shows Audrey who's boss.
Jenny, who was listening to Helen talking to the children, still refuses to give the kids back to her.
Helen leaves, and sits alone on a bench near a swing set.
There, she is visited once again by Jenny, who gives her the letter that Lindsay had written for Jenny.
Helen reads the letter, which explains that Lindsay decided to choose Helen because it's about choosing someone who is more like herself, someone who can really give the children the mother they really want.
While watching out her window, Helen turns around with joy when the kids arrive, now hers.
The film ends with Helen, Dan and the kids walking along a pier, and Sarah sits on a bench and ties her shoes all by herself.
Nickie Ferrante (Cary Grant), a well-known playboy and dilettante in the arts, meets Terry McKay (Deborah Kerr) aboard the Transatlantic ocean liner en route from Europe to New York.
Each is involved with someone else.
After a series of chance meetings aboard the ship, they establish a friendship.
When Terry joins Nickie on a brief visit to his grandmother when the ship anchors near her home at Villefranche-sur-Mer on the Mediterranean coast, she sees Nickie with new eyes and their feelings blossom into love.
During their visit, it is revealed that Nickie has had a talent for painting, but has dropped said trait due to his critical attitude towards his own art.
As the ship returns to New York City, they agree to reunite at the top of the Empire State Building in six months' time, if they have succeeded in ending their relationships and starting new careers.
On the day of their rendezvous, Terry, in her haste to reach the Empire State Building, is struck down by a car while crossing a street.
Gravely injured, she is rushed to the hospital.
Meanwhile, Nickie, waiting for her at the observation deck at the top of the building, is unaware of the accident and, after many hours, finally concedes at midnight that she will not arrive, believing that she has rejected him.
After the accident Terry, now unable to walk, refuses to contact Nickie, wanting to conceal her disability.
Instead, she finds work as a music teacher.
Nickie has pursued his talent as a painter and has his work displayed by an old friend, an art shop owner.
Six months after the accident, she sees Nickie with his former fiancée at the ballet, which she herself is attending with her former boyfriend.
Nickie does not notice her condition because she is seated and only says hello as he passes her.
Nickie finally learns Terry's address and, on Christmas Eve, makes a surprise visit to her.
Although he steers the conversation to make her explain her actions, Terry merely dodges the subject, never leaving the couch on which she sits.
He gives her a shawl that his grandmother left for Terry after she died.
As he is leaving, Nickie mentions a painting that he had been working on when they originally met, and that it was just given away at the art shop to a woman who liked it but had no money.
He is about to say that the woman was in a wheelchair when he pauses, suddenly suspecting why Terry has been sitting unmoving on the couch.
He walks into her bedroom and sees his painting hanging on the wall, and a wheelchair concealed there.
He now knows why she did not keep their appointment.
The film ends with the two in a tight embrace, each realizing that the other's love endures.
In closing, Terry says, "If you can paint, I can walk; anything can happen, don't you think.
".
Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée Helen during their engagement party.
Devastated, he attempts to express his feelings to her with a heartfelt letter.
His boss Phillip has also given him the job of researching how to diplomatically lay off people at their company.
As Quincy writes, the letter becomes a "how to" book on the correct way to end a relationship.
He has a book published and becomes a best-selling author on the subject.
Not wanting his male friends to suffer the same fate, he gives them advice on dumping their mates including Phillip, who is trying to break up with his gold-digger girlfriend Rita.
After his cousin Evan (Morris Chestnut) reads Quincy's book he starts to question his relationship with his girlfriend Nicky (Gabrielle Union).
After breaking up with her Evan goes to his cousin Quincy and asks him to talk to her,hopefully convincing her that Evan's a good guySince Quincy has never met her,he doesn't know what she looks like so Evan tells him that she has long black hair.
(As it turns out,that day, Nicky had cut her hair to a short length she described as being like Halle Berry).
Quincy and Nicky end up sitting next to each other at the bar where Nicky was supposed to meet Evan.
Quincy tells her that he's looking for his cousin's ex-girlfriend Nicky who has long black hair.
Knowing that Quincy is Evan's cousin, Nicky lies and tells Quincy her name is Mary.
During the time Quincy and Nicky are at the bar, Rita finds out that Philip is planning to break up with her.
She goes to Quincy's house but when she gets there Evan lies and says that he's Quincy.
The two begin an affair.
Later,Evan goes to Nicky's house to break up with her,only to find that she was going to do the same, and has been seeing another man.
Changing his mind,Evan goes to Quincy's job and tells him that he thinks he's in love with Nicky, and that she's been seeing another man.
During that conversation, Quincy realizes that 'Mary' is actually Nicky.
At the party for Quincy's hot seller book, Helen is just back from Paris and has decided she wants to get back with Quincy.
Eva had planned on proposing to Nicky at the party but   finds out that Quincy is dating his ex-girlfriendHe d becomes upset with him and leaves the party to look for Nicky.
The next day, Evan talks to Quincy and tells him he's getting married to Rita.
Phillip had a heart attack, and at the hospital, Rita finds out that Evan lied to her.
Instead of getting mad, she says she fell in love with him.
Quincy breaks up with Helen and goes to look for Nicky.
When he goes to her door, her neighbor tells him that she's leaving for Portland by train.
He goes to look for her.
As the train is speeding away he confesses his love for her and they both ride the train to Portland.
High-powered divorce attorneys Audrey Woods (Julianne Moore) and Daniel Rafferty (Pierce Brosnan) have seen love go wrong in many scenarios—so, how good could their own chances be.
As two of the top divorce lawyers in New York, Audrey and Daniel are a study in opposites.
She practises law strictly by the book; he seems to win by the seat of his pants, or by "cheap theatrics," as Audrey says in one scene.
Soon the two lawyers are pitted against one other in several high-profile divorce cases, including a nasty public split between rock star Thorne Jamison (Michael Sheen) and his dress-designer wife, Serena (Parker Posey).
The settlement hinges on an Irish castle, Caisleán Cloiche, or "Rock Castle," that each spouse wants.
Audrey and Daniel travel to Ireland to chase down depositions, and both stay in the castle; although Audrey, at least, is reluctant to acknowledge their mutual attraction, they find themselves attending a romantic Irish festival together.
After a night of wild celebration, they wake up the next morning to discover they have wed.
Audrey is shocked, though Daniel takes their apparent marriage in his stride.
The pair return to New York and find news of their wedding printed on Page 6 of the New York Post the following day.
Audrey suggests that the two maintain the semblance of a marriage for the sake of their careers, and Daniel moves into the guest room of Audrey’s apartment.
Although in the courtroom they continue to fight the Jamisons’ high-profile divorce case with the gusto they have always shown, at home they settle into domestic life together.
While disposing of garbage one day, Daniel accidentally discovers some sensitive information about Audrey's client, Thorne Jamison, which he reveals in the next day's court proceedings.
Audrey feels betrayed and asks for a divorce, which Daniel agrees to give, citing his love for her.
Next, their famous clients each return to the castle in Ireland, even though they are not permitted to be there pending division of assets.
Judge Abramovitz (Nora Dunn) sends their respective counsellors to Ireland to inform them of this, but on arrival they discover that the celebrity couple has reunited on the anniversary of their wedding.
Audrey and Daniel then learn that the “priest" who performed their own marriage ceremony is in fact the Jamisons' butler, and the “weddings" he presided over at the festival were simply romantic celebrations.
Daniel returns immediately to New York, alone, but with Audrey fast on his heels, as she realizes that she has fallen in love with him.
Confronting him in the grocery store below Daniel’s Chinatown office, Audrey asks Daniel if he is willing to fight to save their relationship.
In the romantic final scenes, the couple are married in a private ceremony in Judge Abramovitz’s chambers, with Audrey's mother as the sole witness.
Frank Cross is an inconsiderate and arrogant executive in the IBC television network headquarters.
He is preparing an extravagant live production of A Christmas Carol on Christmas Eve, forcing the network's staff, including his assistant Grace Cooley, to work on the holiday.
He also fires the meek Eliot Loudermilk for disagreeing with him, denies his employees their Christmas bonus, and gives everyone on his Christmas list, including Grace and his brother James, a monogrammed towel.
Meanwhile, Frank's boss Preston Rhinelander has hired Brice Cummings, who is transparently after Frank's job.
Hours before the show starts, Frank is visited by the ghost of his mentor Lew Hayward, who announces that three ghosts will appear over the course of the night.
Lew also causes Frank's phone to call Claire Phillips, Frank's true love from years ago.
Claire comes to visit Frank, but he is too busy to talk to her.
She leaves him the address of the homeless shelter where she works.
The Ghost of Christmas Past appears as a taxi driver who takes Frank back to his childhood, beginning in 1955.
His father Earl is an unloving meatpacking foreman who gives him veal for Christmas and yells at him when he objects.
Frank's only solace is in the world of television, foreshadowing his eventual career path.
The Ghost then takes Frank forward to 1968-71 to see himself as a young man meeting Claire, and showing how Frank's rise to power changed his emotional life, and that Frank is to blame for the loss of Claire.
Returned to the present, Frank goes to the homeless shelter to apologize to Claire and invites her to lunch to mend fences.
However, when shelter workers pester Claire, Frank reverts to his old self, and bluntly tells Claire she is letting life pass her by, and to only care about herself.
Back at IBC, Frank watches final preparations before the live show.
The Ghost of Christmas Present appears as a cute, yet volatile pixie who goes by the motto, "Sometimes you have to slap people in the face to get their attention".
She shows Frank how Grace struggles with the long hours he puts her through, without being able to care for her family.
Her son Calvin has been mute since the death of his father five years prior.
The Ghost also shows him how James is enjoying Christmas with his wife and friends; James still invites Frank every year, although he never attends.
Frank begins to show empathy.
The Ghost leaves Frank in a utility space under a sidewalk, where he finds the frozen body of Herman, a homeless man he had met earlier at Claire's shelter; Frank had refused to buy him a cup of coffee.
Frank struggles to escape through a boarded-up door, but when he forces the door he crashes through the IBC set during the final rehearsal.
Preston has put Brice in charge, fearing that Frank is having a mental breakdown.
Frank returns to his office where he is repeatedly shot at by a furious Eliot, whose life he has ruined.
Frank dives into an elevator, and finds the Ghost of Christmas Future, appearing as a towering cloaked skeleton with tortured souls trapped inside his ribcage and a TV for a head, waiting for him.
This Ghost shows him that if Frank continues on this path, Claire will become cold-hearted and Calvin will be committed to a mental institution.
Frank then sees himself in a casket at a funeral only attended by James and his wife, Wendie.
However, just as the casket is cremated, Frank is returned to reality.
Horrified and humbled by what he's been shown, Frank returns a changed man.
He rehires Eliot on the spot, and they take over the live show by holding Brice and the control box at gunpoint.
Frank goes on-camera, improvising a speech that denounces his own decision to run a live show on Christmas Eve instead of taping it, and explains what he has learned over the last few hours.
He apologizes on-air to James and to Claire.
Claire rushes to IBC, given a lift by the Past Ghost.
As Frank encourages the cast and crew to sing, Calvin speaks for the first time in five years, reminding Frank of the final lines of the show "God bless us, everyone".
As Claire and Grace join him, Frank tells everyone to join him in singing "Put a Little Love in Your Heart", while Lew and the other Ghosts, including Herman, look on, happy and impressed.
Matt Sullivan (Josh Hartnett) and his roommate, Ryan (Paulo Costanzo), are co-workers at a San Francisco dot-com company.
Matt is obsessed with his ex-girlfriend, Nicole (Vinessa Shaw), and his obsession repeatedly causes him problems during attempted one-night stands.
He confides his sexual problems to his brother, John (Adam Trese), who is training to become a Catholic priest.
In an attempt to fix his problems, Matt vows to abstain from sexual stimulation, including masturbation, for the 40 days and 40 nights of Lent.
John warns Matt that chastity is not easy; meanwhile, Ryan starts a popular office pool to bet on how long Matt can last.
Matt meets Erica (Shannyn Sossamon), a cyber nanny, and they begin to date.
They face many challenges in their relationship, including her discovery of his celibacy vow and Matt's continuing feelings for Nicole.
Matt's co-workers make many unsuccessful attempts to persuade him to have sex in order to win the pool, and as the days pass Matt's obsession with sex grows.
At one point he angrily grabs a pornographic magazine from an office desk and begins to march towards a toilet stall in order to masturbate, but his co-workers stop him and convince him to maintain his pledge.
Despite the range of increasingly powerful cultural incentives to sex and orgasm surrounding Matt—scantily-dressed women, billboards, et cetera—Matt's commitment holds, and begins to frustrate a lot of the people around him who had fully expected him to break it long before he could get close to his goal.
In the meantime, Erica and Matt are falling in love, and they plan a special encounter for the 40th night to celebrate his successfully completing his vow.
On the 40th day, a newly single Nicole learns of the betting pool, makes a large bet and then rapes Matt while he is asleep.
Erica subsequently believes Matt dishonored his vow and was unfaithful to her, but Matt wins Erica back by reminding her of the special moments they shared during their relationship.
The two reconcile in Matt's bedroom for many hours, with his co-workers making a new betting pool on the duration of their stamina.
Upon seeing this, he kicks them out of his apartment and shuts the door.
The film is about two couples: Jack (Pollack) and Sally (Davis), and Gabe (Allen) and Judy (Farrow).
The film starts when Jack and Sally arrive at Gabe and Judy's apartment and announce their separation.
Gabe is shocked, but Judy takes the news personally and is very hurt.
Still confused, they go out for dinner at a Chinese restaurant.
A few weeks later Sally goes to the apartment of a colleague.
They plan to go out together to the opera and then to dinner.
Sally asks if she can use his phone, and calls Jack.
Learning from him that he has met someone, she accuses him of having had an affair during their marriage.
Judy and Gabe are introduced to Jack's new girlfriend, Sam, an aerobics trainer.
While Judy and Sam shop, Gabe calls Jack's new girlfriend a "cocktail waitress" and tells him that he is crazy for leaving Sally for her.
About a week later, Judy introduces Sally to Michael (Neeson), Judy's magazine colleague who she clearly is interested in herself.
Michael asks Sally out, and they begin dating; Michael is smitten, but Judy is dissatisfied with the relationship.
Meanwhile, Gabe has developed a friendship with a young student of his, Rain, and has her read the manuscript for his working novel.
She comments on its brilliance, though has several criticisms, to which Gabe reacts defensively.
At a party, Jack learns from a friend that Sally is seeing someone, and flies into a jealous rage.
He and Sam break up after an intense argument, and Jack drives back to his house to find Sally in bed with Michael.
He asks Sally to give their marriage another chance, but she tells him to leave.
Less than two weeks later, however, Jack and Sally are back together and the couple meet Judy and Gabe for dinner like old times.
After dinner, Judy and Gabe get into an argument about her not sharing her poetry.
After Gabe makes a failed pass at her, Judy tells him that she thinks the relationship was over; a week later Gabe moves out.
Judy begins seeing Michael.
Gabe goes to Rain's 21st birthday party, and gives her a music box as a present.
She asks him to kiss her, and though the two share a passionate romantic moment, Gabe tells her that they should not pursue it any further.
As he walks home in the rain, he realizes that he has ruined his relationship with Judy.
Michael tells Judy he needs time alone, then says he can't help still having feelings for Sally.
Angry and hurt, Judy walks out into the rain.
Highlighting her "passive aggressiveness," Michael follows and begs her to stay with him.
A year and a half later they marry.
At the end, the audience sees a pensive Jack and Sally back together.
Jack and Sally admit their marital problems still exist (her frigidity is not solved), but they find they accept their problems as simply the price they have to pay to remain together.
Gabe is living alone because he says he is not dating for the time being, as he does not want to hurt anyone.
The film ends with an immediate cut to black after Gabe asks the unseen documentary crew, "Can I go.
Is this over.
".
At birth, Ella of Frell is given the gift of obedience by the well-meaning but misguided fairy Lucinda.
As a result, she cannot disobey a direct order given to her, though her mother Lady Eleanor and the family's cook Mandy protect Ella throughout her childhood.
Ella is close to her mother and they share the same free-spirited nature, but when Ella is nearly fifteen, Eleanor dies.
At Lady Eleanor's funeral, Ella meets and befriends Charmont (Char), the Prince of Kyrria.
Not long afterward, Ella's father Sir Peter sends Ella off to finishing school with Hattie and Olive, the daughters of the wealthy Dame Olga.
However, Hattie soon discovers that Ella is unable to disobey direct orders and she takes advantage of Ella.
At school, Ella becomes friends with Areida, a girl from the neighboring country Ayortha.
When Hattie orders Ella to stop being friends with Areida, Ella runs away and learns that her father is attending a giant's wedding.
After various misadventures, she finds Lucinda at the wedding and tries to persuade her to take back her gift.
Instead, Lucinda misunderstands and orders Ella to be happy with her gift.
Upon returning home, Mandy reverses the order upon Ella.
After failing to find a rich husband for Ella, Sir Peter decides to marry Dame Olga in order to pay off his debts.
Ella renews her friendship with Char at the wedding.
Lucinda appears at the wedding and gives Sir Peter and Dame Olga one of her gifts - that they will always love each other.
Dame Olga discovers that Sir Peter is now impoverished, but because of the gift, is unable to hate him.
Instead, she transfers all her hatred to Ella.
When Sir Peter leaves to continue his business, Dame Olga and her daughters quickly reduce Ella to being an obedient servant in their home, Hattie having told her mother about Ella's condition.
Ella and Char begin writing to each other frequently after Char leaves on a diplomatic mission to Ayortha.
They fall in love through their letters, but Ella rejects him when she realizes her gift of obedience could be used to harm him.
She tricks Char into thinking she has eloped with another man, leaving Char heartbroken.
After learning of this, Mandy summons Lucinda and dares her to live under the gift of obedience, to know how it feels.
A month later a repentant Lucinda appears and confesses the terrible nature of her gifts.
However, out of fear, she still refuses to lift the spell on Ella.
When Char returns to Kyrria, a three-night homecoming ball is held in his honor.
Ella, who still loves him, goes to the ball in disguise with help from Mandy and Lucinda, who make a coach and horses from household objects.
To be on the safe side, Lucinda has everything change back by midnight.
On the third night of the ball, when she is dancing with Char, a jealous Hattie unmasks Ella, forcing her to flee.
Returning to the manor, she and Mandy attempt to run away, but are thwarted by Char's arrival.
Char unwittingly orders Ella to marry him, causing Ella to will herself to defy the order out of her desire to protect him and the kingdom from her curse.
Her unselfish desire allows her to succeed and refuse his proposal.
Free from the spell, she accepts Char's hand in marriage.
A month later they are married and they both live happily ever after.
Terri Griffith (Joyce Hyser) is an aspiring teenage journalist living in Phoenix, Arizona who feels that her teachers don't take her school newspaper articles seriously because of her good looks.
After failing to get her dream job as a newspaper intern, she comes to the conclusion that it is because she is a girl.
With her parents out of town on a two-week Caribbean vacation, Terri decides to remedy the situation.
Enrolling at a rival high school, she enlists the help of her sex-obsessed loudmouth little brother, Buddy (Billy Jacoby) and her best friend Denise (Toni Hudson) to disguise herself as a boy.
Her brother and friend also help to keep tabs on her throughout the experiment.
Along the way she meets Rick Morehouse (Clayton Rohner), a gold-hearted nerd who becomes her pet project.
After helping him through an image makeover and encouraging him to start talking to girls (which results in him taking the most popular girl in school to the prom), "Terri" starts to fall for him.
After many episodes in and out of school, including fending off a group of bullies led by bodybuilder Greg Tolan (William Zabka), dealing with her real college boyfriend Kevin (Leigh McCloskey) and being set up on a blind date with a potential new "girlfriend" named Sandy (Sherilyn Fenn), Terri manages to be accepted as "one of the guys".
However, she is stunned when she turns in an article and her teacher still criticizes her work, making Terry realize her gender and looks were never the issue.
At the senior prom, a jealous Greg picks a fight with Rick, who ultimately trounces the bully in front of the entire class.
When Terri's boyfriend shows up unexpectedly and discovers the ruse, Rick assumes that Terri's big secret was that she was a gay man.
To prove otherwise, Terri opens her shirt and reveals her breasts to Rick.
Although she admits to loving him, Rick angrily rejects her, prompting a desperate Terri to kiss him in front of everyone.
Seemingly unfazed, Rick simply walks away.
Heartbroken and humiliated, Terri retreats to her room and writes a long article on what it is like to be a girl in boy's clothing, detailing all of her experiences, both good and bad.
In the end, Terri returns to her own school.
When her article is printed in the newspaper, she receives high praise from her teachers and friends and finally earns her dream job at the newspaper office.
Nevertheless, she still finds herself yearning for Rick, who has not spoken to her since the prom.
One day during the summer, while hanging out with Buddy, Rick suddenly turns up after reading her article.
Realizing their true feelings for each other, they reconcile and make plans for another date.
They decide to go for a drive in Terry's car, but before Buddy can join them, an attractive blonde on a motorcycle rides up and beckons to him with a smile.
Buddy then climbs onto the back of her motorcycle, and both couples happily drive away as the film closes.
Empire Records is an independent record shop managed by Joe (Anthony LaPaglia).
The store is located in a fictional city in Delaware, and, like its employees, is eclectic and unique.
The staff is very much a surrogate family, with Joe as the reluctant and perpetually exasperated but lovable father figure.
When his young staff experience problems in their personal lives, he routinely reminds them they can seek him out for advice.
The film opens with store manager Joe allowing employee Lucas (Rory Cochrane) his first opportunity to close the store, an opportunity Lucas regards as an honor.
While counting the day's receipts in Joe's office, Lucas snoops and discovers that Empire Records is about to be bought and converted into a branch of Music Town, a large national music store with many franchises.
In an effort to keep the store independent, Lucas takes the day's cash receipts totaling $9,000 to a casino in Atlantic City in an attempt to quadruple it via gambling.
Lucas believes this act will create enough money to allow Joe to save Empire Records.
Though initially doubling the money, Lucas soon loses the entire amount in one bet on a dice table.
Instead of going home he sleeps on his motorcycle outside the store, where he is found the following morning by opening managerJ.
(Johnny Whitworth) and fellow employee Mark (Ethan Embry).
He confides in the pair about the previous night's events before riding away, seemingly for good.
Joe arrives to help open the store and quickly receives phone calls from both the bank and the store owner, Mitchell Beck (Ben Bodé), regarding the previous night's missing deposit.
Joe is distracted from immediately dealing with this crisis due to a scheduled store event: Rex Manning (Maxwell Caulfield), a former 80's pop idol, is due to arrive at the store for an autograph session to promote his new album.
The staff is unenthused by "Rex Manning Day", and ultimately many of the fans showing up to meet him are either older women or gay men.
The employees secretly tease Rex behind his back about his fading career, and even his assistant Jane (Debi Mazar) later reveals her distaste for Rex's music.
Lucas returns after the store opens and Joe confronts him about the missing deposit.
After telling him of his short misadventure, Lucas is asked to stay in the store until a plan is devised to recoup the lost $9,000.
Joe explains that he had intended to use the money to invest and become part-owner of the store, which would allow him the opportunity of saving it from becoming a Music Town franchise.
Next to arrive are cashiers Corey (Liv Tyler), an overachieving high school student, and her uninhibited best friend and co-worker Gina (Renée Zellweger), both of whom are informed of the situation.
Soon thereafter arrives hostile employee Deb (Robin Tunney), who is in a particularly bad state of mind; she has survived an apparent suicide attempt and immediately shaves her head in the bathroom upon arriving at work.
Deb's boyfriend Berko (Coyote Shivers) soon arrives as well.
The afternoon continues in a downward spiral.
A young belligerent shoplifter who identifies himself only as "Warren Beatty" (Brendan Sexton III) is apprehended by Lucas and subsequently arrested, promising to return for revenge.
Encouraged by Gina, Corey's school-girl crush on Rex is pushed to its limits—much to the horror of her friends, includingJ, who is infatuated with her.
This leads to the revelation that Corey is secretly using Amphetamines.
After arguing with Corey, Gina has sex with Rex Manning, causing the rift between the two friends to intensify and Rex to get kicked out of the store by Joe.
Deb takes Corey aside and advises her on the questionable choices she is making, choices which may have dire consequences on her bright future.
In return, Corey holds a mock funeral for Deb and the whole store attends.
Gina then apologizes to Corey.
The pugnacious "Warren Beatty" keeps his word and returns to the store with a gun (loaded with blanks) to seek revenge.
Lucas reveals that he was once a troubled youth much like "Warren" until he was taken in by Joe, who gave him a home and a job and helped him turn his life around.
The staff surmises that "Warren" just needs a similar chance.
Joe subsequently offers him a job at the store.
After the police leave, Lucas admits defeat, and suggests calling Mitchell.
However, the employees, Joe, and Jane — who has since quit working for Rex — pool their resources to replace the missing money.
Despite their best efforts, they are thousands short.
Suddenly inspired, Mark runs out of the store, jumps in front of a news crew covering the holdup, and announces a late night benefit party to "Save the Empire".
The store opens its doors and collects donations while selling food, drinks, and merchandise to raise the remaining money.
They manage to raise just enough, which they offer to store owner Mitchell.
Mitchell in turn offers to sell the store to Joe, admitting that Joe has always loved the place while he himself has always hated it.
Joe agrees to become the new owner.
Corey meets up with a dejectedJ on the roof and confesses that she does love him.
He tells her he has decided to attend art school in Boston so he can be near her when she goes to Harvard.
They then kiss.
In celebration of maintaining Empire Records' independence and their victory against "the man", the staff ends the long and eventful day with a dance party on the store's roof.
In March 1996, DemocraticS.
Senator Jay Bulworth of California is losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young populist.
Bulworth's socialist views, formed in the 1960s and 1970s, have lost favor with voters, so he has conceded to more conservative politics and to accepting donations from big corporations.
In addition, though he and his wife have been having affairs with each other's knowledge for years, they must still present a happy façade in the interest of maintaining a good public image.
Tired of politics, unhappy with his life in general, and planning to commit suicide, Bulworth negotiates a $10 million life insurance policy with his daughter as the beneficiary in exchange for a favorable vote from the insurance industry.
Knowing that a suicide will void his daughter's inheritance, he contracts to have himself assassinated within two days.
Turning up in California for his campaign extremely drunk, Bulworth freely begins speaking his mind at public events and in the presence of the C-SPAN film crew following his campaign.
After dancing all night in an underground club and smoking marijuana, he even starts rapping in public.
His frank, potentially offensive remarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign.
Along the way he becomes romantically involved with a young black activist named Nina, who tags along with him on his campaign stops.
He is pursued by the paparazzi, his insurance company, his campaign managers and an increasingly adoring public, all the while fearful of his impending assassination.
After a televised debate during which Bulworth drinks from a flask on air and derides insurance companies and the American healthcare system, he decides to hide at Nina's family's home, located in the South Central Los Angeles ghetto.
While there he wanders around the neighborhood, where he witnesses a group of kids selling crack, and buys the group ice cream.
After saving the group from a racially motivated encounter with a police officer, he finds out they are "soldiers" ofD, a local drug kingpin to whom Nina's brother owes money.
Bulworth eventually makes it to a television appearance arranged earlier by his campaign manager, during which he raps and repeats verbatim statements Nina andD.
have told him about the lives of poor black people and their opinions of various American institutions, like education and employment.
Eventually he offers the solution that "everybody should fuck everybody" until everyone is "all the same color" stunning the audience and his interviewer.
After Bulworth's TV appearance (at the end of which one mysterious assassination attempt occurs) he escapes with Nina and goes with her back to her house where she reveals that she is the assassin he indirectly hired (ostensibly to make the money needed to pay off the debt her brother owes toD) and will now not carry out the job.
Relieved, Bulworth falls asleep for the first time in days in Nina's arms.
Bulworth sleeps deeply for over 36 hours (with Nina tenderly watching over him), during which time the media is abuzz about his mysterious absence on election day.
During this time, various people are shown reacting to the TV coverage and the impact Bulworth's escapade is making on the political/social conversation in the country (race, poverty, inequity, greed).
Bulworth wins the primary election by a landslide.
The next morning the press and Bulworth's campaign managers converge on Nina's house, all eager to talk to himD.
also comes to Nina's house and, having had a change of heart, says he will let Nina's brother work off his debt instead of hurting or killing him.
Bulworth emerges from the bedroom looking rested and, as he steps outside, he invites Nina to go with him; she eventually joins him, after some hesitation.
Bulworth and Nina embrace and begin to kiss as people cheer.
As Bulworth happily accepts a new campaign for the presidency, he is suddenly shot in front of the crowd of reporters and supporters by an agent of the insurance company lobbyists, who were fearful of Bulworth's recent push for single-payer health care.
Bulworth's fate is left ambiguous.
The final scene shows an elderly vagrant, whom Bulworth met previously, standing alone outside a hospital.
He exhorts Bulworth, who is presumably inside, to not be 'a ghost' but 'a spirit' which, as he had mentioned earlier, can only happen if you have 'a song'.
In the final shot of the film, he asks the same of the audience.
Resourceful Schatze Page (Lauren Bacall), spunky Loco Dempsey (Betty Grable), and ditzy Pola Debevoise (Marilyn Monroe) rent a luxurious Sutton Place penthouse in New York City from Freddie Denmark (David Wayne), who is avoiding the IRS by living in Europe.
The women plan to use the apartment to attract rich men and marry them.
When money is tight, Schatze pawns some of Freddie's furniture, without his knowledge.
To their dismay, as winter approaches, the furnishings continue to be sold off as they have no luck.
One day, Loco carries in some groceries, assisted by Tom Brookman (Cameron Mitchell).
Tom is very interested in Schatze, but she dismisses him, thinking he is poor.
She tries repeatedly to brush him off as she sets her sights on the charming, classy widowerD.
Hanley (William Powell) whose worth is irreproachably large.
All the while she's stalking the olderD, Tom, who is actually very wealthy, keeps after her.
After every one of their dates, she tells him she never wants to see him again as she refuses to marry a poor man again.
Meanwhile, Loco becomes acquainted with a grumpy businessman (Fred Clark).
He is married, but she agrees to go with him to his lodge in Maine, mistakenly thinking she's going to meet a bunch of Elks Club members.
When they arrive, Loco is disappointed to find that the businessman was hoping to have an affair with her and set them up in a dingy lodge instead of the glamorous one she was expecting.
She attempts to leave but unfortunately has to stay due to the trains not able to come till the next day.
Waldo (Clark) comes down with the measles and has to stay in the lodge until cured.
He is nursed back to health with the help of Loco, Loco meets Eben (Rory Calhoun) whom she thinks owns most of the surrounding land.
She has no trouble transferring her affections to the handsome outdoorsman and they become engaged.
When she finds out that he's just a forest ranger, she is very disappointed, but Loco realizes that she loves him and is willing to overlook his financial shortcomings.
The third member of the group, Pola (Monroe), is extremely nearsighted, but hates to wear her glasses where any man might see her.
As she puts it, "Men aren't attentive to girls who wear glasses".
(a takeoff of Dorothy Parker's "Men seldom make passes at girls who wear glasses".
) She falls for a phony Arab oil tycoon, not knowing he's really a crooked speculator.
Luckily, when she takes a plane from La Guardia airport to meet him, she misreads Kansas City for Atlantic City on an airport sign and ends up on the wrong plane.
She sits next to a man, also wearing glasses, who thinks she's "quite a strudel" and encourages her to put hers on.
It turns out that he is the mysterious Freddie Denmark on his way to Kansas City to find the crooked accountant who got him into trouble with the IRS.
He doesn't have much luck when he tracks the man down, but he and Pola become enamored with each other and eventually marry.
Loco and Pola are reunited with Schatze just before her wedding toD.
Schatze finds herself unable to go through with the wedding and confesses toD.
that she is in love with Tom.
He graciously understands and agrees to call off the wedding.
Tom is among the wedding attendees and the two reconcile and marry, with Schatze still not knowing that he is rich.
Afterwards, the three happy couples end up at a greasy spoon, dining on hamburgers.
Schatze jokingly asks Eben and Freddie about their financial prospects&mdash;which are slim.
When she finally gets around to Tom, he casually admits a net worth around $200 million, and lists an array of holdings, which none of the others appear to take seriously.
He then calls for the check, pulls out an enormous wad of money, and pays with a $1,000 bill, telling the chef to keep the change.
The three astonished women faint dead away onto the floor.
Tom then proposes the men drink a toast to their unconscious wives.
In Heaven (which resembles a modern police headquarters), angels are tasked with ensuring that mortals on Earth find love.
The "Captain", Gabriel (Dan Hedaya), is upset at reviewing the file of angel partners O'Reilly (Hunter) and Jackson (Lindo), all of whose recent cases have ended in divorce or misery.
Gabriel is being pressed for results, so he introduces a radical new incentive: if their latest case isn't "cracked" – meaning, if the pair in question do not fall, and stay, in love, O'Reilly and Jackson must stay on Earth forever, which does not appeal to them.
They open their case file to learn their tasks.
Celine Naville (Diaz) is the spoiled twenty-something daughter of a wealthy businessman.
When one of her suitors, a loathsome dentist named Elliott (Stanley Tucci), proposes marriage to her, she offers to say yes, but only if he agrees to play "William Tell" with an apple on his head.
As she takes aim with a pistol, Elliot's nerves fail; his move results in a minor head wound.
Robert Lewis (McGregor) is a janitor employed in the basement of Celine's father's company.
His dreams for writing a best-selling trash novel are shot down by his co-workers.
His manager tells him he is to be replaced by a robot.
As he drowns his sorrows at a local bar, his girlfriend, Lily (KK.
Dodds) tells him she is leaving him for an aerobics instructor.
O'Reilly and Jackson pose as collection agents to repossess Robert's things and evict him from his apartment.
Robert storms to the high-rise office of the company boss, Mr Naville (Ian Holm), while Naville is berating his daughter Celine for the William Tell fiasco.
Security guards run in and start to attack Robert but he holds them off.
When Celine introduces herself, Robert decides to kidnap her.
He drives her to a remote cabin in the California woods.
Celine easily slips free but decides to stick around.
She stays for the adventure and revenge against her father, suggesting that they extort a huge ransom.
O'Reilly and Jackson pose as bounty hunters, and contract with Naville to retrieve Celine and kill Robert.
Robert's first attempt to collect the ransom fails but Celine encourages him.
They go out to a rustic bar, where they sing along to the karaoke machine.
When Robert wakes up the next morning, he is stunned to see that he and Celine have slept together.
Robert makes a second demand for the ransom, with a letter written in Celine's blood.
Naville gives O'Reilly and Jackson the money, and they go to meet Robert in the forest.
To their disappointment, Robert appears willing to let Celine go in exchange for the money before O'Reilly stops his getaway.
Aside, Jackson confesses his fears that the two are not in love yet.
O'Reilly responds, "Jeopardy, Jackson.
Always works".
While O'Reilly and Celine wait by their car, Jackson takes Robert into the woods to execute him.
Before he can, Celine decks O'Reilly, runs into the woods, and knocks Jackson out with a shovel.
As Robert and Celine drive away, O'Reilly grabs the towbar and rides along.
As she points her gun, Robert and Celine jump from the car, and it careens off a cliff, with the money still inside.
Since they are short of money, Celine decides to rob a bank with Jackson's pistol.
The robbery goes smoothly, until a security guard shoots at Celine.
Robert pushes her out of the way, taking a bullet in the thigh.
Celine hurriedly drives him back to the city, to be operated on by Elliot (the closest thing she can find to a discreet medical specialist).
A little later, when Robert regains consciousness, he is appalled to see Celine playing a sleazy sexual role-playing game with Elliott.
A fight breaks out, and Robert knocks Elliott unconscious.
As they drive away, Celine explains that she only agreed to Elliott's request so that he would help Robert – and, in any case, it's none of Robert's business, since he and Celine aren't "involved," whatever he might think.
Hurt, Robert gets out of the car and walks away.
To get them back together, Jackson writes a love poem in Robert's handwriting and sends it to Celine.
Overcome, she runs back to the bar, where Robert has started working as a janitor, and says he has won her heart with the poem.
O'Reilly and Jackson, listening, dance for joy.
until Robert says that he's never written a poem in his life.
Humiliated, Celine runs out again.
But after she's gone, Robert's boss, Al (Tony Shalhoub), knocks some sense into him: Robert has nothing in his life except the improbable love of "an intelligent, passionate, beautiful, rich woman.
so why are you even thinking about it.
" Robert runs after Celine, but is too late: O'Reilly and Jackson, believing they have failed, decide to make their Earth-bound lives bearable by kidnapping Celine for ransom.
Robert tracks Celine to their hideout.
He knocks O'Reilly down and, struggling with Jackson, tells Celine he loves her.
The door is kicked down by Naville's butler, Mayhew (Ian McNeice), who shoots the two angels in the head (apparently killing them).
Leaving Celine locked in the trunk, Naville and Mayhew drive Robert and the two angels' bodies to the cabin, planning to fake a murder-suicide.
In Heaven, Gabriel's secretary begs him to intervene, but he refuses.
He phones God and asks him to do so.
A neighbour releases Celine from the truck.
Taking his gun, she runs to the cabin and confronts her father, while Mayhew holds Robert at gunpoint.
Robert has had recurring dreams of being saved by being shot through the heart by an "arrow of love".
Celine shoots Robert and the bullet passes through, to hit Mayhew in the shoulder.
After a whispered conference in Al's bar, Robert and Celine walk outside to their wedding.
In an epilogue, Gabriel frees O'Reilly and Jackson from a pair of body bags.
After Gabriel congratulates them on a successful case, the two angels embrace as they prepare to return home.
In a second epilogue (filmed with claymation), Robert and Celine retrieve the suitcase full of money and settle in their new castle in Scotland.
The play opens during a dinner party at the home of Sir Robert Chiltern in London's fashionable Grosvenor Square.
Sir Robert, a prestigious member of the House of Commons, and his wife, Lady Chiltern, are hosting a gathering that includes his friend Lord Goring, a dandified bachelor and close friend to the Chilterns, Mabel Chiltern, and other genteel guests.
During the party, mrs Cheveley, an enemy of Lady Chiltern's from their school days, attempts to blackmail Sir Robert into supporting a fraudulent scheme to build a canal in Argentina.
Apparently, mrs Cheveley's dead mentor and lover, Baron Arnheim, convinced the young Sir Robert to sell him a Cabinet secret, a secret that suggested he buy stocks in the Suez Canal three days before the British government announced its purchase.
Sir Robert made his fortune with that illicit money, and mrs Cheveley has the letter to prove his crime.
Fearing the ruin of both career and marriage, Sir Robert submits to her demands.
When mrs Cheveley pointedly informs Lady Chiltern of Sir Robert's change of heart regarding the canal scheme, the morally inflexible Lady Chiltern, unaware of both her husband's past and the blackmail plot, insists that Sir Robert renege on his promise.
For Lady Chiltern, their marriage is predicated on her having an "ideal husband"—that is, a model spouse in both private and public life that she can worship: thus Sir Robert must remain unimpeachable in all his decisions.
Sir Robert complies with the lady's wishes and apparently seals his doom.
Also toward the end of Act&nbsp;I, Mabel and Lord Goring come upon a diamond brooch that Lord Goring gave someone many years ago.
Goring takes the brooch and asks that Mabel inform him if anyone comes to retrieve it.
In the second act, which also takes place at Sir Robert's house, Lord Goring urges Sir Robert to fight mrs Cheveley and admit his guilt to his wife.
He also reveals that he and mrs Cheveley were formerly engaged.
After finishing his conversation with Sir Robert, Goring engages in flirtatious banter with Mabel.
He also takes Lady Chiltern aside and obliquely urges her to be less morally inflexible and more forgiving.
Once Goring leaves, mrs Cheveley appears, unexpected, in search of a brooch she lost the previous evening.
Incensed at Sir Robert's reneging on his promise, she ultimately exposes Sir Robert to his wife once they are both in the room.
Unable to accept a Sir Robert now unmasked, Lady Chiltern then denounces her husband and refuses to forgive him.
In the third act, set in Lord Goring's home, Goring receives a pink letter from Lady Chiltern asking for his help, a letter that might be read as a compromising love note.
Just as Goring receives this note, however, his father, Lord Caversham, drops in and demands to know when his son will marry.
A visit from Sir Robert, who seeks further counsel from Goring, follows.
Meanwhile, mrs Cheveley arrives unexpectedly and, misrecognised by the butler as the woman Goring awaits, is ushered into Lord Goring's drawing room.
While she waits, she finds Lady Chiltern's letter.
Ultimately, Sir Robert discovers mrs Cheveley in the drawing room and, convinced of an affair between these two former lovers, angrily storms out of the house.
When she and Lord Goring confront each other, mrs Cheveley makes a proposal.
Claiming to still love Goring from their early days of courtship, she offers to exchange Sir Robert's letter for her old beau's hand in marriage.
Lord Goring declines, accusing her of defiling love by reducing courtship to a vulgar transaction and ruining the Chilterns' marriage.
He then springs his trap.
Removing the diamond brooch from his desk drawer, he binds it to Cheveley's wrist with a hidden lock.
Goring then reveals how the item came into her possession.
Apparently mrs Cheveley stole it from his cousin, Mary Berkshire, years ago.
To avoid arrest, Cheveley must trade the incriminating letter for her release from the bejewelled handcuff.
After Goring obtains and burns the letter, however, mrs Cheveley steals Lady Chiltern's note from his desk.
Vengefully she plans to send it to Sir Robert misconstrued as a love letter addressed to the dandified lord.
mrs Cheveley exits the house in triumph.
The final act, which returns to Grosvenor Square, resolves the many plot complications sketched above with a decidedly happy ending.
Lord Goring proposes to and is accepted by Mabel.
Lord Caversham informs his son that Sir Robert has denounced the Argentine canal scheme before the House.
Lady Chiltern then appears, and Lord Goring informs her that Sir Robert's letter has been destroyed but that mrs Cheveley has stolen her letter and plans to use it to destroy her marriage.
At that moment, Sir Robert enters while reading Lady Chiltern's letter, but as the letter does not have the name of the addressee, he assumes it is meant for him, and reads it as a letter of forgiveness.
The two reconcile.
Lady Chiltern initially agrees to support Sir Robert's decision to renounce his career in politics, but Lord Goring dissuades her from allowing her husband to resign.
When Sir Robert refuses Lord Goring his sister's hand in marriage, still believing he has taken up with mrs Cheveley, Lady Chiltern is forced to explain last night's events and the true nature of the letter.
Sir Robert relents, and Lord Goring and Mabel are permitted to wed.
Eccentric multimillionaire Ezra Ounce (Hugh Herbert), whose main purpose in life is raising American morals through a nationwide campaign, wants to be assured that his fortune will be inherited by upstanding relatives.
He visits his cousin Matilda Hemingway (ZaSu Pitts) in New York City, in Horace's view the center of immorality in America.
What Ounce finds most offensive are musical comedy shows and the people who put them on, and it just so happens that Matilda's daughter Barbara (Ruby Keeler) is a dancer and singer in love with a struggling singer and songwriter, her 13th cousin, Jimmy Higgens (Dick Powell).
On Ezra's instructions, Jimmy the "black sheep" has been ostracized by the family, on pain of not receiving their inheritance.
Matilda's husband Horace (Guy Kibbee) meets a showgirl named Mabel (Joan Blondell), who's been stranded in Troy when her show folds, and connives her way into sleeping in Horace's train compartment as a way to get back home.
Terrified of scandal, he leaves her some money and his business card, along with a note telling her to not mention their meeting to anyone; but when Mabel discovers that Horace is Barbara's father, she blackmails him into backing Jimmy's show.
Among the characters are an older couple about to renew their wedding vows (Sean Connery and Gena Rowlands); a woman (Gillian Anderson) who accepts a date from a stranger (Jon Stewart); a gay man dying of AIDS (Jay Mohr) and his mother (Ellen Burstyn) who has struggled to accept him; two young people who meet in a nightclub (Ryan Phillippe and Angelina Jolie); a couple having an affair (Anthony Edwards and Madeleine Stowe) and a man (Dennis Quaid) who tells his tragic life story to a woman he meets in a bar (Patricia Clarkson), but seems to have a strange connection to another mysterious woman.
As the film continues and the stories evolve, the connections between the characters become evident.
Kellie Waymire, Nastassja Kinski, Alec Mapa, Amanda Peet and Michael Emerson also have roles in the film.
Justine Last (Jennifer Aniston) is a depressed and unmotivated thirty-year-old woman living in a small town in Texas with her husband Phil (John Reilly), a house painter who spends most of his free time smoking marijuana with his best friend, Bubba (Tim Blake Nelson).
Justine works at Retail Rodeo, the local big-box store, along with Cheryl (Zooey Deschanel), a cynical, plain-spoken young woman, Gwen (Deborah Rush), a ditzy older woman who manages the cosmetics counter, and Corny (Mike White), a Nazarene security guard.
One morning, Justine notices a new cashier and later introduces herself.
Holden (Jake Gyllenhaal) appears quiet and reserved, qualities that the two of them share and, therefore, quickly take a liking to one another.
They begin taking their lunch breaks together and Justine gives Holden rides home.
One time, he invites her in and she accepts.
They swap stories about their lives including how Justine feels unappreciated by Phil and Holden tells her of his obsession with Salinger's novel, The Catcher in the Rye, from where he got his name.
As the weeks go by, Justine and Holden start to bring out the best in each other.
But when Holden makes a pass at her, she rejects him, leaving him dismayed.
He becomes more and more besotted by her.
Some time later, Holden does not show up to work but sends a letter to Justine, writing that if she does not meet him at 5pm that day behind the nearest Chuck Cheese, she will never see him again.
After much consideration, Justine decides to accept Holden's invitation, only to be intercepted by her manager, Jack (John Carroll Lynch), who insists that she take a very ill Gwen to the hospital.
Justine then meets up with Holden.
The two have sex for the first time in a motel room that Justine pays for with her credit card.
As the affair continues, Justine's marriage to Phil continues to deteriorate.
One night, Justine spots Bubba's truck in the parking lot of the motel where she's been meeting Holden.
She becomes convinced that Bubba knows, telling Holden that they need to cool down for a while.
When Justine goes to visit Gwen in the hospital, she is told that Gwen has died after contracting parasites from eating poisonous blackberries that she bought at a roadside fruit stand.
When she returns home, Bubba starts hinting to Justine that he knows about her affair with Holden.
Feeling guilty, Justine suggests that she and Phil should attend a church bible study that Corny, a security guard, had invited them to.
Soon after they arrive, Justine spots the motel desk clerk she encountered with Holden, she grabs Phil and demand they leave immediately.
Justine speaks to Holden in private at work the following day, explaining that what they're doing is wrong and she can't see him in that way anymore.
Bubba tells Justine to meet him at his house.
He blackmails her into a sexual encounter with him by threatening to tell Phil about her affair if she refuses, and she reluctantly gives into his demands.
Holden, who has been following her since the split, sees them through a window.
Holden does not show up for work the next day but is waiting in Justine's car when her shift ends.
He calls Justine a whore and drunkenly demands an apology.
He then says he could kill her husband to free her from her marriage.
Justine becomes desperate to extricate herself from the relationship with Holden.
She goes to talk to his parents and tells them that he is drinking heavily, is mentally ill and that he has imagined a romantic liaison between them.
She goes on to suggest that Holden be hospitalized.
That night after feeling unwell all day, Justine takes a pregnancy test.
The results are positive.
Phil is over the moon but Justine feels uneasy since she doesn't know the father is Holden or Phil.
The next day when Justine arrives at work, Cheryl tells her that someone stole fifteen thousand dollars from the safe and that the police suspect Holden.
Justine is called into Jack's office and interrogated about their relationship.
As she leaves for lunch, Justine encounters Holden who brags about having stolen the money and about his plans for them to escape.
Holden tells her to meet her the following morning at a hotel.
When Justine gets home, Phil, Bubba, and Bubba's new girlfriend are all waiting for her so they can celebrate.
The phone rings and Phil answers.
The doctor's office has called; they tell Phil his sperm is "no good".
He tells them his wife is pregnant and they don't know what they are talking about and angrily hangs up.
Bubba assures Phil they made a mistake, that "they don't know everything".
Phil then questions aloud if this means Justine isn't pregnant.
She also assures Phil that they just made a mistake.
The next morning Justine quickly packs a suitcase.
While waiting at the light to turn toward either the hotel or the Retail Rodeo store, she assess her future if she stays versus if she runs away and becomes a fugitive with Holden.
She decides to stay.
She arrives at Retail Rodeo and goes to the manager's office, telling him where Holden is hiding and how long he will be there.
He tells Justine she did good; she's a good girl.
After arriving home, she watches a news report saying that the police have surrounded the hotel where Holden is staying and that Holden shot and killed himself.
The next day, Bubba shows up at Retail Rodeo and tells Justine that Phil opened a statement from the credit card company, which listed the motel that Justine paid for with the card.
Bubba then begs Justine not to tell Phil about their sexual encounter.
When Justine arrives home, Phil is looking at the credit card statement and tearfully asks Justine if she has been having an affair.
After she says, "yes", Phil strikes Justine underneath her eye.
Later, Phil expresses remorse at hitting his wife and asked her if the baby is his.
Wanting to spare Phil any more pain and protect herself, she tells him, yes, it is his baby.
Phil insists on knowing who she had an affair with.
When Justine says it doesn't matter, Phil concludes it's Corny, the security guard that invited them to Bible study.
When Justine arrives at work the next morning, Cheryl attempts to cover up her facial bruises with make-up just as Corny walks by.
His arm is in a cast and his face beat up.
Cheryl informs Justine two "beefy guys" with baseball bats and face masks jumped him last night and pummeled him.
As the movie concludes, Justine is still employed at Retail Rodeo.
In a narrated scene, Phil brings the baby to Justine who is deep in thought on the bed.
She lovingly holds the baby and the couple seems blissful.
Chadwick Gates (Elvis Presley) has just gotten out of the Army, and is happy to be back in Hawaii with his surfboard, his beach buddies, and his girlfriend Maile Duval (Joan Blackman).
His mother, Sarah Lee (Angela Lansbury), wants him to follow in his father's footsteps and take over management at the Great Southern Hawaiian Fruit Company, the family business, but Chad is reluctant, so he goes to work as a tour guide at his girlfriend's agency.
The film's central story concerns a father, Lalit Verma (Naseeruddin Shah), who is trying to organize an enormous, chaotic, and expensive wedding for his daughter, Aditi (Vasundhara Das), for whom he has arranged a marriage with a man, Hemant Rai (Parvin Dabas), she has known for only a few weeks.
As so often happens in the Punjabi culture, such a wedding means that, for one of the few times in each generation, the extended family comes together from all corners of the globe, including India, Australia, Oman, and the United States, bringing its emotional baggage along.
The movie focuses on the struggle of Pimmi and Lalit for their daughter's wedding, with help from Pimmi's sister Shashi and her husband CJ.
Tej Puri (Rajat Kapoor), Lalit's wealthy brother-in-law, arrives.
Lalit is grateful to Tej for helping the family to start a new life after the Partition of India left them penniless.
Now Tej offers to pay for Aditi's cousin, Ria Verma (Shefali Shah) to attend university in theS.
But Ria, whom Lalit took in along with her mother after her father died, stays away from Tej and grows concerned when he appears to be flirting with a younger relative, ten-year-old Aliya.
A few days before the wedding, Aditi has an affair with her old lover, her married boss Vikram.
She subsequently confesses to Hemant.
Though Hemant is initially angry, he is glad for her honesty and - as the affair only reminded Aditi why she stopped seeing Vikram - is confident that they can put it behind them and be happy together.
Meanwhile,K.
Dubey (Vijay Raaz), the wedding planner, falls in love with Alice, the Vermas' servant.
Aditi's little brother Varun (Ishan Nair) plans an elaborate dance for the pre-wedding party with another cousin, Ayesha (Neha Dubey), but Lalit worries that the boy is too effeminate and wants to send him to boarding school.
The night before the ceremony, Varun refuses to dance and Ayesha performs alone.
After a series of jokes and dances, Ria catches Tej taking Aliya for a drive.
Ria stops them from driving off and takes Aliya away from him, proclaiming for all to hear that he had molested her as a child.
Some of the women disbelieve her, attributing her accusations to her unmarried status.
Emotionally distraught, Ria leaves.
The next day, Lalit goes to Ria and pleads for her to return to the wedding, admitting that he can't possibly imagine what she's gone through but also saying that he can't disown Tej: he is family, and they go back a long time.
Nonetheless, Ria agrees to return.
Hours before the wedding, however, Lalit changes his mind and tells Tej and his wife (who is Lalit's sister) to leave the wedding and the family, as he will go to any lengths to protect them.
Tej's wife protests "For such a small thing.
", but Lalit insists.
During the wedding ceremony, after Aditi and Hemant are wed, Dubey and Alice get married as well, with the help of the Vermas.
Ria moves on from her past life, and appears to become attracted to another family member.
All is well and everyone happily dances to the music.
The story begins on "the strangest day" of Larry Burrows' (James Belushi) life (his 35th birthday) consisting of a series of comic and dramatic misadventures.
Larry, who blames all of his life's problems on the fact that he struck out during a key moment of his state high school baseball championship game on his 15th birthday, wishes he had done things differently.
His wish is granted by a guardian angel-like figure named Mike (Michael Caine), and appears at various times as a bartender, a cab driver, and so on.
Larry soon discovers that Mike has transferred Larry into an alternative reality in which he had won the pivotal high school game.
He now finds himself rich and (within his company) powerful, and married to the boss's (Bill McCutcheon) sexy daughter Cindy Jo Bumpers (Rene Russo).
At first, his new life seems perfect, but he soon begins to miss his best friend Clip Metzler (Jon Lovitz) and wife Ellen (Linda Hamilton) from his previous life; he also discovers that his alternative self has created many enemies, like Jewel Jagger (Courteney Cox), and as Larry's problems multiply, he finds himself wishing to be put back into his old life.
The story begins with Larry's car, an old Ford LTD station wagon, stalled out in a dark alley.
Suddenly the pink lights of "The Universal Joint," a bar, come on.
Larry goes inside to call a tow truck, and tells bartender Mike his troubles.
He reviews the day he just had, which ended with his getting fired after discovering his department head Niles Pender's (Hart Bochner) scheme to sell the company under the nose of its owners to a group of naive Japanese investors.
He tells Mike that he wishes he'd hit that last pitch out of the park, after which Mike fixes him a drink called "The Spilt Milk".
The Spilt Milk was a drink that gave him his wish that he hit that home run in that championship game.
Larry leaves the bar, walks home (his car apparently towed) and discovers someone else living in his house, which is now fixed up (previously his yard and driveway were muddy and unfinished).
Mike appears as a cab driver and drives him to his "new" home, a mansion in Forest Hills, explaining that he did in fact hit the last pitch and won the game.
He soon discovers that Cindy Jo is his wife and he's the president of his company, Liberty Republic Sporting Goods.
Being a classic car buff, he's shocked to find that he owns a collection of priceless antique automobiles.
Larry soon discovers that Clip has a low-level job in the accounting department and is quite insecure, as opposed to the jokester he was before.
Ellen is shop steward (in both realities) and is married to another man.
Jewel, a forklift operator in the previous reality, is now Larry's mistress and his secretary.
Ellen hates Larry and he discovers that the union is threatening a walkout due to massive layoffs and increased production, since Niles is selling Liberty Republic in both realities.
Seeing Ellen, he realizes how much he misses her and agrees to all the union's demands, providing Ellen agrees to dinner at his favorite restaurant.
She reluctantly agrees, and Larry eventually convinces her that they were married in a previous life.
After discovering that Larry has agreed to union demands, Niles takes revenge, by telling both Cindy Jo and Jewel of Larry's dinner date with Ellen.
He then plots to kill Larry at the office that night.
However, company owner Leo Hansen arrives to deliver a note to Larry, announcing his termination, and Niles kills him by mistake.
Discovering the note, Niles calls the police who attempt to arrest Larry for Leo's murder.
Larry escapes while jealous Jewel creates pandemonium outside in her attempts to shoot him (and shoots out a number of police cars in the process), leading to a police chase.
Larry is eventually cornered in a dark alley but the pink glow of "The Universal Joint" comes on and he runs into the bar.
Unable to find Mike, Larry attempts to make the "Spilt Milk" himself, the ingredients clearly aged.
The flashing lights of the police cars appear and Larry surrenders but instead of cops, a tow truck driver named Duncan enters (the police car lights now tow truck lights).
Confused at first, Larry sees Mike back behind the bar and realizes he's back in his old life.
Larry thanks Mike for everything and, upon exiting the bar, suddenly realizes that the deal with the Japanese investors is happening shortly.
Driven by Duncan to company headquarters, Larry barges into the boardroom, decks Niles and exposes his scheme just as Leo is about to sign the deal.
Thinking everyone forgot his birthday, Larry returns home (which still has the muddy driveway and lawn) to a surprise party with his family and friends in attendance.
Soon after, Cindy Jo and her husband Jackie Earle (Jay Sanders), the company president arrive.
Jackie offers Niles' job to Larry, plus a company car, a new Mercedes and he accepts.
Back in the past, young Larry is about to leave the stadium, still upset about the loss, when he's approached by a mysterious stranger (Mike) who reassures him that everything will be alright.
Larry thanks him for the reassurance, but walks off wondering who Mike thinks he's kidding.
Isabelle Grossman works for a New York bookstore which supports authors through public readings.
When author Anton Maes (Jeroen Krabbé), comes to the bookstore to give a reading, he shows an interest in Isabelle, who is enamored with the intellectual world that is very different from her traditional Jewish upbringing.
Isabelle pays frequent visits to her Bubbie (grandmother), Ida (played by Yiddish theatre star Reizl Bozyk in her only film role), who lives on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.
Anxious for her granddaughter to settle down, Ida turns to the local marriage broker (Sylvia Miles).
Although shocked and annoyed, Isabelle allows the matchmaker to introduce her to Sam Posner (Peter Riegert), who owns the pickle shop.
At first Isabelle is not interested in Sam, believing that he is too working-class for her.
Instead, she sets her sights on Anton and the New York intelligentsia.
But she also feels guilty for how rude she was to Sam, so she tries to make it up to him by setting him up with her girlfriend Marilyn.
In the process, she learns that he did not hire a matchmaker out of desperation and in fact has admired Isabelle from afar for several years.
She is deeply touched and begins to like him, but it seems Sam has given up on her and starts dating Marilyn.
One day at a book reading Sam shows up.
Anton arrives as well.
Isabelle leaves with Sam, and later agrees to meet him the next day at her grandmother's house.
After work, however, she is sidelined by Anton and, believing that he is romantically interested in her, goes to his apartment.
She discovers instead that Anton wants the convenience of an assistant, not a true partner.
Finally seeing through him, the disgusted Isabelle races to her grandmother's apartment, finding it empty with Ida sleeping on the couch.
Heartbroken, she believes she has ruined her chances with the honest and caring Sam.
As she cries, Sam enters from the balcony.
The two finally are united and Ida feigns confusion, but is gleeful that her plan has succeeded.
"Friends are the People who let you be yourself—and Never let you forget it"  Waiting to Exhale is a story about four African-American women—Savannah, Robin, Bernadine, and Gloria—who go through different stages of love and life.
Savannah "’Vannah" Jackson is a successful television producer who holds on to the belief that one day her married lover will leave his wife for her.
She later comes to find that he will never leave his wife and she must find her own man who will love her for her.
Bernadine "Bernie" Harris abandons her own career dreams and desire of having a catering business to raise a family, and support her husband, who leaves her for a white woman.
Robin Stokes is a high-powered executive and the long-time mistress of married Russell.
She has problems finding a decent man of her own after dumping him.
Gloria "Glo" Matthews is a beauty salon owner and single mother.
After years alone, and finding out that her ex-husband, who is also the father of her son, has come out of the closet as bisexual, she falls in love with a new neighbor, Marvin King.
The four friends get together to provide support, listen to each other vent about life and love, and have fun, as they go through life's trials and tribulations.
Savannah ends up dumping her married lover for good.
Bernadine gets a large divorce settlement from her ex-husband and moved on to a single father who lost his wife.
He encourages Bernie to pursue her catering dreams  Robin ends up pregnant by her married lover, but dumps him and decides to raise the baby on her own.
Gloria lets her son go on the "Up With People" trip to Spain and apologizes to her neighbor for snapping at him when he suggested that she should let her son grow up and experience the world.
Rover lives a life of fun in Las Vegas with his owner Connie, a showgirl.
He gambles and chase girls with his best friend Eddie.
One night, he sees Connie's boyfriend, Rocky, in a transaction with a pair of gangsters, and accidentally disrupts it.
Thinking that Rocky is an undercover cop setting them up, the gangsters flee, telling Rocky that he has blown his last chance.
The next day, Connie goes on the road for two weeks, leaving Rocky to look after Rover.
In revenge for ruining his deal, Rocky puts Rover in a bag, drives him to Hoover Dam and throws him in the water.
The bag is later pulled out of the water by two passing fishermen, who take Rover back to shore and place him in the back of their pickup truck.
However, Rover wakes up and jump out of the truck when the fishermen stop for gas, and begins to wander down the road on his way back to Las Vegas.
Instead, he ends up in the countryside, and eventually runs into a farmer, Cal, and his son, Danny, who convinces his father to take the dog in.
Cal agrees on one condition: at the first sign of trouble, he'll be sent to an animal shelter, and if nobody claims him, the animal shelter can put him to sleep.
Rover has difficulty adjusting to life on the farm, but with the help of Daisy, the beautiful dog next door, and the other dogs on the farm, he succeeds in earning his keep.
Rover spends Christmas with the family, and begins to fall in love with Daisy, who returns his affections.
However, one night, a pack of wolves attempt to kill the turkey on the farm.
Rover tries to save the turkey, but ends up caught by Cal while holding the dead bird, looking as if he killed it.
The next morning, Cal takes Rover into the woods in order to put him down, but is attacked by the wolves.
Rover manages to fight the wolves off, and brings the other farm dogs to get the injured Cal home.
Rover's heroics make the papers, allowing Eddie and Connie to find out where he is.
Danny informs Rover of his trip back to Las Vegas and leaves.
Rover begins to miss his life on the farm.
One night, Rocky comes into Connie's dressing room, where Rover engage to get payback for what he did to him.
After Rocky accidentally confesses to what he did, Connie angrily slap and breaks up him.
Infuriated, he tries to retaliate against Connie.
However, Rover and his dog friends chase him into the limo of the gangsters.
At first, he's relieved that they seemingly came to his rescue but questions why were they even there in the first place.
While Rover happily listens, the thugs proceed to reveal that they set him up and imply that they are going to murder him by throwing him into the Hoover Dam.
Sometime later, Rover, missing Daisy, becomes depressed.
Connie, realizing her old companion met someone, takes Rover back to the farm to stay.
Rover is reunited with Daisy, who reveals to him that he is now a father, unveiling six puppies.
The story ends with Rover teaching his kids how to play cards, and playfully chasing Daisy around the farmyard.
Lucky Jackson (Elvis) goes to Las Vegas, Nevada to participate in the city's first annual Grand Prix Race.
However, his race car, an Elva Mk.
VI, is in need of a new motor (engine) in order to compete in the event.
Lucky raises the necessary money in Las Vegas, but he loses it when he is shoved into the pool by the hotel's nubile swimming instructor, Rusty Martin (Ann-Margret).
Lucky then has to work as a waiter at the hotel to replace the lost money to pay his hotel bill, as well as enter the hotel's talent contest in hopes of winning a cash prize sizable enough to pay for his car's engine.
During all this time, Lucky attempts to win the affections of Rusty.
His main competition arrives in the form of Count Elmo Mancini (Cesare Danova), who attempts to win both the Grand Prix and the affections of Rusty.
Rusty soon falls in love with Lucky, and immediately tries to change him into what she wants.
In a story loosely based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's short novel The Gambler, Nick Nolte plays Lionel Dobie, an acclaimed abstract artist who finds himself unable to paint during the days before the scheduled beginning of a major gallery exhibition of his new work.
Rosanna Arquette is Paulette, his apprentice/assistant and former lover.
Lionel is still infatuated with her, but Paulette wants only his tutelage, which makes things difficult since they live in the same studio-loft.
Paulette dates other people, including a performance artist (Steve Buscemi) and a painter (Jesse Borrego).
These deliberate provocations on Paulette's part make Lionel insanely jealous &mdash; and fuel his creativity.
Lionel and Paulette, it becomes clear, have been using each other: Lionel using her sexually, Paulette using him as a means of entry to the higher spheres of the New York social and art scene.
Paulette wants to give up and go home to her parents but Lionel persuades her to stay because New York is where a painter needs to be.
Lionel pours his anxiety and repressed passion into his work.
Paintings around the studio show visual metaphors from relations past: stormy skies, burning bridges, and tormented clowns.
Lionel realizes that he needs the emotional turmoil of his destructive relationships in order to fuel his art.
In the last scene, at the art exhibit, Lionel meets another attractive young woman, a struggling painter.
He persuades her to become his assistant, and potentially his lover, beginning the cycle anew.
Zoë (Heather McComb) is a schoolgirl who lives in a luxury hotel.
She helps return to an Arab princess a valuable piece of jewelry that the princess had given to Zoë's father (Giancarlo Giannini) and had been subsequently stolen and recovered.
Zoë tries to reconcile her divorced mother, a photographer (Talia Shire), and father, a flute soloist.
New York lawyer Sheldon Mills (Woody Allen) has problems with his overly critical mother Sadie Millstein (Mae Questel).
Sheldon complains constantly to his therapist about her, wishing aloud that she would just disappear.
Sheldon takes his shiksa fiancée, Lisa (Mia Farrow), to meet his mother, who immediately embarrasses him.
The three, as well as Lisa's children from a previous marriage, go to a magic show.
His mother is invited on stage to be a part of the magician's act.
She is put inside a box that has swords stuck through it and she disappears, just as she is supposed to, but then she never reappears.
Although he is furious at first, this development turns out to be great for Sheldon because, with her out of his life, he can finally relax.
But soon, to his horror, his mother reappears in the sky over New York City.
She begins to annoy Sheldon and Lisa (with the whole city now watching) by constantly talking to strangers about his most embarrassing moments.
This puts a strain on his relationship with Lisa, who leaves him.
Sheldon is persuaded by his psychiatrist to see a psychic, Treva (Julie Kavner), to try to get his mother back to reality.
Treva's experiments fail, but Sheldon falls for her, possibly finding her to be very similar to his mother (see Oedipus complex).
When he introduces Treva to his mother, she finally approves and comes back to Earth.
The trailer contains three shots from the "Zoe" segment not in the actual film: (1) Zoe ordering room service, (2) A boy slams a pie in a girl's face at a party, and (3) A different angle of Zoe's parents kissing right before Zoe yells "cut".
The trailer can be found on the 2012 Blu-ray edition.
Master thief Max Burdett (Pierce Brosnan) and his beautiful accomplice, Lola Cirillo (Salma Hayek), steal the second of three famous diamonds, known as the Napoleon diamonds, from FBI Agent Stanley Lloyd (Woody Harrelson).
But Lloyd shoots Max before passing out from being gassed by the thieves.
Max survives and tells Lola to get the diamond.
She does, leaving in its place the one-dollar bill that she had received as a tip for washing the agents' windshield (while in disguise).
Max and Lola then fly to Paradise Island in The Bahamas.
Agent Lloyd shows up 6 months later and accuses Burdett of planning to steal the third Napoleon diamond, which is on a cruise ship that will be docking for a week on the island.
He denies this, and unwittingly turns the tables and befriends the frustrated detective Lloyd, showing him the pleasures that Paradise Island has to offer, even paying for the most expensive suite, the bridge suite, for as long as Lloyd is there.
Lloyd, out of his element, adapts quickly to the easy-going Caribbean lifestyle and partners up with Sophia, a local constable, to try and capture Max at last when he steals the diamond, which Max visits and later gives in to the temptation to steal.
Henri Mooré, a powerful, popular tycoon thought of by some as a gangster, learns of Burdett's impressive history as a thief and offers him additional island-life benefits and pleasures in return for stealing the diamond.
Burdett, still wanting the diamond for himself, pretends to work with Mooré, and gives him a fake plan as to how he would steal the diamond (which he had earlier related to Stan), having no trouble keeping ahead of his nemesis in the meantime.
Lola kicks Max out after he breaks his promise to spend their first sunset on her new deck she had been working on and after she finds out he lied about writing his vows to her.
Max is forced to bunk with Stan, and they share their thoughts about each other's lives.
The next morning, the authorities and Sophie discover them, revealing that Stan's FBI license is suspended.
They team up to win back Sophia and Lola, but Max still gives in and uses the dive trip as a distraction to steal the diamond, which works perfectly when Mooré's man tries at the same time is a caught after the fake plan doesn't work.
After the fallout, Lola leaves Max after Lloyd shoots Mooré dead when he comes for the diamond.
He realizes his error, writes his vows, and manages to win back Lola at the airport before she leaves, proposing to her with "the first diamond he ever bought".
The next day, Max is met by Stan while celebrating, who reveals he set him up and let Max do all the work while he later recovered the diamond.
Max concedes that his nemesis has won this time, and is simply happy to live out his life with Lola, watching sunsets.
However, he has fun with Stan when he tries to leave by remote controlling his car again, promising Lola it is the last time.
The movie picks up with Mollie (Kristie Alley) and James (John Travolta) having sex and Mikey (voice of Bruce Willis) getting scared.
Mollie and James tell Mikey that he's got to be potty trained.
Mollie discovers she's pregnant again and James is working diligently.
Mikey learns that with his little sister, Julie, on the way, he has to be a responsible big brother.
When Julie is about to be born, her umbilical cord gets caught around her neck, putting her in distress.
She is born through a c-section and is taken to the nursery.
When Julie and Mikey meet, she takes an immediate dislike to Mikey.
Throughout the film, Mikey becomes jealous of Julie, and their parents' fights about Stuart staying there lead to Mollie kicking out James.
Mikey is upset about this and tears up one of Julie's stuffed animals.
James occasionally hangs out with his kids (including scamming their way into a movie theater) and has fun with them.
One day, Julie sees the head of her stuffed animal (the one that Mikey tore apart) and decides to learn to walk and leave.
She manages to walk to without support and Mollie sees this and is excited calling James and Stuart.
Mikey realizes one night that he hasn't been very nice to Julie and decides to try to be nice to her.
Mollie realizes that she needs James to help her.
She dresses up for him and gets back together with him.
A few days later, Mikey uses the toilet and calls his parents, who are immensely proud of him.
Mollie exclaims that she hasn't felt that happy about Mikey since he was born.
One night, Mollie watches the news and learns that storms are all around the area.
She goes to get James before he takes off, leaving Stuart with Mikey and Julie.
At some point in time, a burglar breaks in and runs when Stuart comes in with his unloaded gun.
Stuart is completely oblivious to the fact that he left paper on a hot stove, causing it to catch fire.
The paper falls off the stove causes a bigger fire.
Mikey and Julie panic and Mikey pushes Julie out of the apartment and saves himself and Julie from the fire while James gets the police and arrests the thief.
Mollie and James ask where Mikey and Julie are.
They see the smoke in the apartment and run in to get the kids, who arrived in the elevator.
James runs in and gets the fire extinguisher and puts out the fire.
The next day, James, Mollie, and Mollie's parents talk, while Mikey explains to Julie why he saved her from the fire and they start to get along.
Leslie Steele (Merle Oberon), a guest at a costume party, is forced to stay overnight in a hotel because of a particularly bad London fog.
As there are no rooms available, Steele talks her way into sharing a suite with Everard Logan (Laurence Olivier), a handsome but somewhat stiff lawyer.
They spend the night together, quite chastely, but Logan becomes convinced that Leslie must be married.
His conviction is confirmed when an old school friend, Lord Mere (Ralph Richardson), arrives and asks Everard to represent him in a divorce case against his wife, Lady Claire (Binnie Barnes).
An American beautician named Joy Miller (Fran Drescher) teaches students to groom hair, but is put out of business when one of her students accidentally ignites hair spray with his cigarette, eventually leading to the school burning down.
Joy ends up being highlighted in a newspaper article after she helps her students and the caged animals escape the building successfully.
The article is seen by Ira Grushinsky (Ian McNeice), a diplomatic representative of a small Eastern European country called Slovetzia (bordered by Hungary, Romania, and Ukraine), a country she never heard of.
Ira has been sent to the United States to find a tutor for the three children of Slovetzia's President, and, mistakenly thinking that Joy is an academic teacher, offers the job to her.
Joy accepts, and it is only after they arrive in Slovetzia that Ira realizes his error.
By then it is too late, and Joy agrees to keep up the ruse of being a "real" teacher for the time being.
The initial meeting of Joy with the President, a dictator named Boris Pochenko (Timothy Dalton), gets off on the wrong foot, but Joy gets along well with his four children Yuri, Katrina (Lisa Jakub), Karl (Adam LaVorgna), and Masha (Heather DeLoach).
Joy teaches them of life outside Slovetzia and helps them gain confidence in themselves.
Joy frequently clashes with Pochenko, who is disturbed by her fierce independence and the fact that he cannot frighten her.
Joy's presence in Slovetzia is due to Pochenko's desire to change his reputation among other Western nations as a "beast".
His second-in-command, Leonid Kleist (Patrick Malahide) is against Pochenko's "softening" strategy, and wants to crush the growing rebellion among Slovetzia's youth.
Joy eventually learns that Katrina is in love with Alek (Timothy Dowling), one of the leaders of the youth rebellion.
Alek is captured by Pochenko, but Joy secretly helps Katrina sneak to his cell to see him.
A summit of visiting emissaries are arriving in Slovetzia to meet with Pochenko, and Joy convinces him that the best way to prove that he is a modern-thinking man would be to throw a party.
Joy is put in charge of preparations, and during this time she and Pochenko grow closer.
On the evening of the dinner, Joy confesses that she is not an academic teacher, but by this time Pochenko does not care about her credentials, only that she has brought happiness to him and his family.
Later, Leonid confronts Joy with the fact that she has been helping Katrina meet Alek.
When this information is brought to Pochenko, he argues with Joy on her meddling, and Joy decides to leave Slovetzia for good.
Some months pass.
Leonid has quietly taken over administrative duties and signing sentences in Pochenko's name.
Pochenko, made aware of this fact by Ira, confronts Leonid and strips him of his duties.
Pochenko realizes that he has spent many months depressed and discontent after Joy's leaving, and decides that it is time to change his ways.
The film's final scene shows Joy back at home with her parents.
She has also been depressed after leaving Slovetzia, but then receives a surprise visit by Pochenko.
The pair reconcile.
Tibby, the wife of Samuel Sweetland (Jameson Thomas) dies, and shortly afterwards his daughter marries and leaves home, leaving him on his own with his two servants.
His wife had told him that he should remarry after her death, so he pursues some local spinsters who were at his daughter's wedding after he and his housekeeper Minta (Lillian Hall-Davis) make out a list of possibilities.
First is Widow Louisa Windeatt, but Sweetland is shocked and mad when she rejects his advances and says she is too independent for him.
Next, he attempts to court Thirza Tapper, a nervous wreck who almost collapses when Sweetland proposes to her.
She, too, rejects him because she says she has no need for a man, and he is furious yet again.
He wanders outside as other guests arrive for her party.
His bolshie servant Ash is helping at the party, wearing an ill-fitting coat and trying to keep his trousers up while doing his work at the party.
While the others are outside listening to some singers, Sweetland proposes to Mary Hearn, but she rejects him as too old, and then bursts into hysterical laughter when he angrily tells her that she is "full blown and a bit over".
Later Sweetland tells Minta that he is not going to finish the list of women because he is so dejected.
He leaves the room and Ash returns and tells Minta what an embarrassment to men that Sweetland is by going around and practically begging any woman to be his wife.
Sweetland overhears this and orders Ash to saddle his horse because he is going to try number four on the list, Mercy Bassett, a barmaid at a local inn.
After he leaves, it is revealed that Minta is in love with him.
Bassett rejects him too and he comes home dejectedly.
Meanwhile postmistress Hearn and Tapper compare notes and Hearn decides she should marry him after all and she goes to his house with Tapper.
Having run through the women who have turned him down, Samuel sees Minta for the first time as more than a housekeeper and decides that she is the woman for him, if she'll have him.
He tells her he has got used to being rejected and will not be angry if she rejects him, too.
She accepts him and he tells her to put on the dress Tibby gave her.
As she goes to the room, Hearn and Tapper arrive.
Hearn says she is now willing to be his wife.
Samuel says all should drink a toast to his wife to be and Hearn is sure it is her, until Minta comes down the stairs in an attractive dress.
Hearn lapses into hysterics as Sweetland reveals that Minta will be his bride.
The story revolves around a struggle to determine which of Satan's three sons will succeed their father (Harvey Keitel) as ruler of Hell.
Adrian (Rhys Ifans) is the most devious, Cassius (Tom "Tiny" Lister, Jr) is the cruelest, and Nicky (Adam Sandler) is their father's favorite.
Adrian and Cassius claim that Nicky's mother is a goat and torment him by controlling his body with their minds.
Nicky has had a speech impediment and a disfigured jaw since Cassius hit him in the face with a shovel.
Having been the Prince of Darkness for ten thousand years, the Devil assembles his sons to decide which of them will succeed him, but instead he keeps the throne for himself.
Angered by this decision, Adrian and Cassius go to Earth to create a new Hell by possessing religious and political leaders in New York City.
As they leave, they freeze the entrance to Hell, preventing more souls from entering and causing Satan's body to begin decomposing.
To stop Adrian and Cassius, Satan sends Nicky to Earth with a silver flask that traps whoever drinks from it inside.
At first, Nicky has trouble staying alive on Earth.
He is killed several times, landing in Hell and returning to New York each time.
While learning how to eat and sleep, he meets a talking bulldog named mr Beefy (voice of Robert Smigel), rents an apartment with an actor named Todd (Allen Covert), and falls in love with a design student named Valerie (Patricia Arquette).
Nicky's first encounter with his brothers occurs when Adrian sees him with Valerie, takes mental control of his body, and makes him scare her away.
Then Nicky sees Cassius on television, possessing the referee of a Globetrotters game.
When he goes to the court and tricks Cassius into the flask, Satanist metalheads John (Jonathan Loughran) and Peter (Peter Dante) are so thrilled with his performance that they become his devoted fans.
That evening, Nicky tries to apologize to Valerie.
The meeting goes badly at first, but she accepts him after he explains who he is and why he is on Earth.
The next day, Adrian possesses the Chief of the NYPD (Michael McKean) and accuses Nicky of mass murder.
Not knowing what to do, Nicky has Todd kill him so he can go back to Hell and ask his father for advice, but his father has trouble hearing because his ears have fallen off, and his assistants are in a panic because the midnight deadline to capture Adrian and Cassius is only hours away.
Back on Earth again, Nicky and his friends devise a plan to capture Adrian in a subway station, but Adrian discovers their trick.
In the ensuing fight, Adrian grabs Valerie and dives onto the track as a train approaches, but Nicky throws her out of the way, leaving himself and Adrian to be killed by the train.
Arriving in Hell just minutes before midnight, Adrian begins the process of taking over Hell by pushing what remains of his father aside and sitting on the throne, rising to Central Park, and starting a riotous party.
Meanwhile, Nicky wakes up in Heaven as a reward for sacrificing himself and meets his mother (Reese Witherspoon), an angel who tells him he can defeat Adrian with the Inner Light he inherited from her.
After she gives him a mysterious orb, he goes to Central Park.
Adrian appears to win a pitched battle by locking Nicky in the flask and turning himself into a bat, but Nicky escapes from the flask.
When he shatters the orb, Ozzy Osbourne appears, bites Adrian's head off, and spits it into the flask.
With his brothers captured, Nicky is ready to save his father.
After he sins to make sure he goes to Hell, he and Valerie express their love for each other and she kills him.
In Hell, Satan regains his body and recommends that Nicky go back to Earth.
The film ends a year later, when Nicky and Valerie live in New York with their infant son.
In early 1960s New York City, Barbara Novak arrives in town at Banner House to present her new work, Down with Love, a book the intent of which is to free women from love, teach them to enjoy sex without commitment, and to replace the need for a man with things such as chocolate.
Following her rules would, she believes, help to give women a boost in the workplace and in the world in general.
The men who run Banner House refuse to support the book.
The only way Vikki Hiller, Barbara's editor, can find to promote the book is for Barbara to meet Catcher Block – a successful writer for the magazine Know and a notorious "ladies' man, man's man, man about town" – but he avoids her repeatedly by postponing their dates until she gets fed up, insults him, and walks out.
Catcher's boss and best friend, Peter MacMannus, and Vikki take a liking to one another.
However, their relationship revolves around Barbara and Catcher, and neither is brave enough to express their feelings for the other.
Peter feels overshadowed by Catcher's strong personality, and Vikki wants to see emotional commitment in her lover.
She even assumes Peter must be gay due to his perceived lack of interest.
Barbara starts promoting her book with Vikki's help, and things take off when they get Judy Garland to sing the song "Down with Love" as a promotion to the book on The Ed Sullivan Show.
Sales skyrocket, as housewives and women around the world buy the book and rebel against their men; Catcher now wants to meet Barbara, but now it is she who rejects him.
It all comes to a boiling point when Barbara appears on a national TV show talking about a chapter from the book – "The Worst Kind of Man" – and cites Catcher Block as the perfect example.
Subsequently, Catcher's date rejects him, which infuriates him.
Catcher swears revenge on Barbara and to undo the damage (as he sees it) done by her book by writing the "exposé of the Century" - he will prove to the world that, deep down, all women are the same, they all want love and marriage.
Including Barbara Novak.
He arranges for a casual meeting at a dry cleaner shop, taking advantage of the fact that Barbara has never met or seen him, and he poses as an astronaut, Major Zip Martin, attentive and polite.
Barbara appears to be immediately infatuated with this man who seemingly has no idea who she is, in contrast to men who now avoid her, viewing her as the enemy since the publication of her book.
"Zip" takes her to the most fashionable locations in New York while maintaining considerable sexual tension between them by feigning naivete and a desire to remain chaste until he is "ready" for a physical relationship.
But he starts falling for her, and it gets harder to go through with his plan.
When Barbara finds Catcher/Zip at a party he is almost caught out, and decides it is time to take everything to the next level: he tells Barbara that Catcher Block wants to interview him for an exposé on the NASA space program and asks her to accompany him.
It is his own apartment, and he sets everything up to record her saying she loves him.
But then it is she who reveals the truth: she knew he was really Catcher from the beginning, but she also lied as she is not Barbara Novak but Nancy Brown, once one of Catcher's many secretaries, who fell in love with him while working at Know, but who turned him down when he asked her out because she did not want to be just another one in his long list of romances.
She tells him she did this to be different from all the women he knew, and make him love her.
They both realize that Catcher does love her, but as he is proposing, one of his many lovers appears and thanks Barbara for what she has done for womankind.
Barbara realizes that she does not want love or him as she has become a real "down with love" girl.
Vikki and Peter's relationship also changes when she insults him for helping Catcher.
Peter realizes he is indeed like any other man and takes Vikki to Catcher's apartment to take things to the next level.
Days later, Catcher is completely depressed; all his efforts to win Barbara back have failed.
Even his exposé is ruined now that Barbara has told her story in her own magazine, Now.
Peter is also depressed as his relationship with Vikki is now apparently based only on sex.
Catcher realizes he can do something and writes a new exposé "How Falling In Love With Barbara Novak Made Me A New Man".
He learns there is an opening at Now and goes for an interview with her.
There, he tells her how much she changed him, and it is obvious she wants him but turns him down anyway; he says he wished there could be a middle ground for them "somewhere between a blonde and a brunette", referring to her real persona, where she was a brunette.
As he is leaving her office, he realizes she is not coming after him, but she surprises him on the elevator, showing him a bright red hair style: she has found the middle ground and she wants to be with him.
They fly to Vegas to get married, influencing Vikki and Peter, who also decide to get married.
Their marriage results in a new book intended to end the battle of the sexes, with the pair ultimately singing "Here's To Love".
Anna Foster (Mandy Moore) is the daughter of President of the United States James Foster (Mark Harmon).
After Secret Service agents ruin a first date, Anna demands less supervision.
For his upcoming trip to Prague, the president agrees to assign only two agents to watch over Anna, whose Secret Service codename is Liberty.
In Prague, Anna and her friend Gabrielle La Clare (Beatrice Rosen) attend a concert, where Anna discovers numerous agents in the crowd.
Believing her father has broken his promise, Anna eludes her protectors with Gabrielle's help.
Outside the theater, she asks Ben Calder (Matthew Goode) for a ride on his motorbike.
Unknown to Anna, Ben is a Secret Service agent, and he informs agents Alan Weiss (Jeremy Piven) and Cynthia Morales (Annabella Sciorra) where she can be found.
When the president learns of her behavior, he instructs Ben to guard Anna without revealing his true identity, to give her the illusion of freedom with a guarantee of safety.
Believing she is finally free, Anna jumps into the Vltava River naked, mistaking it for the Danube, and she and Ben climb a rooftop to watch an Offenbach opera being shown in a plaza.
The next morning, Anna calls her parents.
Initially relieved that his daughter is safe, the President's tone changes when he is shown photos of her undressing.
Outraged at her father's tone, Anna decides she will go to the Love Parade in Berlin.
She and Ben board a train, where they meet Scotty McGruff (Martin Hancock), a flighty romantic who gives them a stack of Six Million Dollar Man stickers, instructing them to post them in random places, and one day when they are unhappy, they may come across one and it will make them smile.
Ben discovers that they have boarded a Venice-bound train going in the opposite direction from Berlin.
In Venice, after checking in with agents Weiss and Morales—who are now growing closer romantically—Ben joins Anna and McGruff and together they explore the city.
After McGruff leaves, Anna realizes he has stolen her wallet.
When Anna is recognized by tourists, she and Ben flee.
With no money, they tell a kind-hearted gondolier, Eugenio (Joseph Long), that they recently married against her parents' wishes.
During the free gondola ride, Ben kisses Anna to hide her from their pursuers.
When he learns the "newlyweds" have no place to stay, Eugenio invites them to his house, where they are welcomed by his mother, Maria (Miriam Margolyes).
That night, thinking their kiss was heartfelt, Anna offers herself to Ben, but he rejects her advances.
The next day, Eugenio drives them to the Austrian border, as Weiss and Morales show up at Maria's house and learn from Maria that Anna and Ben are married, which is then reported to Anna's parents.
Upset at Ben's rejection, Anna hitchhikes a ride in a truck, leaving Ben to chase her through the Austrian countryside.
Anna comes to a bridge, where she meets the Jumping Germans, a bungee jumping group.
Ben arrives just as Anna is being strapped into the harness, and insists on jumping with her.
Later that evening at the Jumping Germans' camp, one of the Germans asks Anna to share his tent for the night.
She refuses and flirts with Ben, who rejects her advances again.
Upset, she declares that she will share the German's tent after all; Ben finally admits his feelings for Anna and they spend the night together.
At the Love Parade, as Ben explains his actions on the phone to his fellow agents, Anna discovers his identity.
Enraged at the apparent betrayal, Anna runs off, only to be harassed by a group of men who recognize her.
Ben rescues her, and Anna and her family return to the United States.
While preparing for college, Anna reveals to her mother that her heart is "a little bit broken".
At college, with Weiss and Morales (who plan to marry) still protecting her, Anna sees a Six Million Dollar Man sticker which reminds her of her European adventure.
During Christmas break Anna's father tells her that Ben resigned from the Secret Service and is working as a photographer in London.
During an exchange program to Oxford University Anna visits Ben at the opera, where they kiss, reconcile, and escape on his motorbike.
Donald Morton (Josh Hartnett) is a taxi driver and drives two Japanese passengers and his pet cockatiel around Spokane, Washington.
Distracted, he bumps into the back of a florist's van, damaging his stock.
Unfazed, Donald and his budgie take their groceries and leave, abandoning his taxi cab and passengers.
He takes his groceries to the self-help group for autistic adults.
Before they head to the park to meet another autistic group, he tells one member, Gracie (Rusty Schwimmer), to gather the women and he'll gather the guys to practice telling personal stories, but keeps getting distracted by performing mathematical sums of the microwaves' depleting numbers.
He notices that Isabelle Sorenson (Radha Mitchell), a new name, has signed up and tells Gracie to let her go first.
At the park, Isabelle tells the women of a childhood memory: she saw that her parents were happy an Olympian had broken a record, so in order to please her parents, and taking what she heard literally, she broke their music records.
Donald tells his story to the men about his ability to do complex sums but couldn't make friends.
Isabelle goes on to tell of when she was raped when she went hitch-hiking.
This causes Gracie to laugh manically.
Heard by Donald, he tries to calm an angry Isabelle down and they find that they have much in common and take a liking to each other.
In the self-help group, after Isabelle talks to Gregory (John Carroll Lynch), a man who is writing notes on his notepad, about Donald, he calls Donald over to ask her to escort him to the Halloween party.
Before Donald can, Isabelle asks Donald out for lunch.
They go to the zoo the following day, and in response to Donald asking on behalf of Gregory, Isabelle asks Donald to escort her.
They agree to meet with their costumes on in the evening.
Donald dresses as a whale but is hesitant about going and leaves Isabelle, dressed as Mozart, waiting.
She goes to his apartment and they both walk around the town talking until the final bus is due, and they share their first kiss.
Unsure when to call, Donald leaves multiple messages on her phone until she finally answers and they go to the amusement park.
In the ring toss, the clanging of the metal rings hitting the bottles and the bell ringing cause her to scream and collapse on the floor.
He takes her back to his filthy apartment and they agree to sleep together.
The following day at the self-help group, Gregory accuses Donald of exploiting his position for sexual favors.
Isabelle makes herself liked by going with Bronwin (Erica Leerhsen), who learns that her father has blood cancer, to wait for her parents to pick her up.
Isabelle takes the liberty of cleaning his apartment while he goes shopping.
When he returns, he's horrified to see that everything is different; the piles of newspaper are stacked neatly, rotting food from the fridge is thrown away and has a new shower curtain.
He gets angry at Isabelle for changing everything.
He later leaves a number of apologetic messages on Isabelle's phone.
The next day, he goes to the hair salon where Isabelle works as a hair stylist to apologize in person, and Isabelle forgives him, introducing him as her boyfriend to the staff.
Isabelle shows Donald an abandoned rooftop, calling this a place where people who don't know where they belong can belong.
She suggests that they can buy a house and her therapist has organised a job interview for a statistic analyst post at a university.
He gets the job and they move into their new house, making it their own.
Donald tells Isabelle that he wants everything to be nice for when his boss, Wallace (Gary Cole) comes for dinner.
Believing that he thinks that she doesn't keep the house nice, Isabelle spites Donald by keeping the pets uncaged, much to Donald's shock when he returns, and she maintains extroverted behavior and tells of her off-the-wall plans for the house.
Donald explodes, but when Isabelle says that they are both crazy, he retaliates by telling her that she is crazier, which leads to her throwing him out.
He stays with Gregory in his house, and after listening to an answer message that Isabelle's rabbit, Bongo, has died, he runs to comfort her.
Isabelle suggests that they should just be friends.
Donald invites Isabelle to a restaurant, where he proposes to her, much to Isabelle's dismay.
She leaves abruptly back home and overdoses.
Donald returns just in time to take her to the hospital, where Isabelle's psychiatrist advises him to leave her alone, testing his willpower to refrain from calling her.
Donald sees Isabelle leaving the university and follows her to the abandoned rooftop, where he expresses that the only nice thing he had left to give her was not to call, to find that Isabelle was waiting for his call and she missed him.
They express their true love with an embrace and kiss.
The movie ends with the happy couple in their home, enjoying Thanksgiving dinner with the self-help group.
Harris Telemacher (Steve Martin) is a TV meteorologist living in Los Angeles.
He is in a dead-end relationship with his social-climbing girlfriend Trudi (Marilu Henner).
He wants to find some meaning and magic in his life, having grown increasingly weary of what he sees as the rather shallow and superficial city of LA.
At a luncheon with a group of friends, he meets Sara (Victoria Tennant), a journalist from London, with whom he immediately becomes infatuated.
Driving home that night, his car breaks down on the freeway.
He notices that a freeway traffic condition sign seems to be displaying messages intended solely for him.
It offers him cryptic advice on his love life throughout the movie.
He begins to fall for Sara, but she is conflicted because she has pledged to reconcile with her ex-husband, Roland (Richard Grant).
Feeling that a relationship with Sara is unlikely, Harris begins dating SanDeE* (Sarah Jessica Parker), a ditzy aspiring spokesmodel, whom he meets at a clothing store.
After his first date with her, Harris discovers that Trudi has been cheating on him for three years with his agent.
The discovery leads him to pursue his romantic interest in Sara.
This is complicated by his new relationship with SanDeE* and by Sara's feeling of obligation to Roland.
By the conclusion, he has successfully wooed Sara – with some encouragement and advice from the sign.
Michael Felgate is an English auctioneer living in New York where he manages the Cromwell auction house.
He proposes marriage to his girlfriend Gina Vitale, but is shocked to be turned down.
Gina tearfully explains that her father Frank and most of her cousins and uncles are gangsters deeply involved in a Mafia crime family, and she is worried that Michael may be sucked into their world.
Michael retorts that he will not let this happen, but barely is their engagement party over before he is unwittingly involved in a money laundering scam, and soon the FBI takes an interest in him.
When one of the money laundering scams at Michael's auction house goes wrong, Gina's cousin Johnny confronts and assaults Michael.
Gina grabs his gun and fires a warning shot into the ceiling, which ricochets and accidentally kills Johnny.
Johnny's father Vito finds out, and he tells Frank he will kill Gina unless Frank kills Michael during his wedding speech.
Unable to carry out the deed, Frank confesses what Vito has ordered him to do to Michael and the two of them turn to the FBI in return for protection.
The FBI set up an elaborate operation in which Michael's execution will be faked at the wedding reception.
Michael is given a hidden recording device and is tasked with trying to record Vito into admitting his criminal activity on tape before he is "executed".
Michael's plan fails, and when Vito realises that his execution is a set-up, he orders Vinnie to kill Michael.
Vinnie shoots Gina in what appears to be an accident.
Vito is arrested for ordering Michael's execution.
As Frank and Michael mourn Gina's apparent death in the back of her ambulance, it is revealed that her death was faked as well, and that Vinnie and Gina were also involved with the FBI as a back-up plan.
Darryl Walker (Damon Wayans) is a clumsy nerdy repairman, who is a genius and Batman fan.
Darryl has a pure heart and an optimistic Pollyannish personality.
He is childishly naive to the realities of living in an inner city neighborhood.
The area suffers from political corruption and the police are on strike.
It takes the murder of his grandmother, an avid supporter of Alderman Marvin Harris' anti corruption campaign for Mayor, by members of mobster Michael Minelli's gang, to awaken him to the realities of his city's urban decay.
He expresses his frustrations by intervening in a situation and boldly saving an elderly transit passenger from being mugged, and by ranting about the general corruptible state that the city has become.
Darryl was so pure and shielded from reality presumably because of his interest in inventing, that he does not even realize that there is a "crackhouse in front of [their] flat".
He tries to storm into it unarmed and rebuke the gang members, oblivious to the hazardous stupidity of doing so.
Awakened to the city's issues, Darryl is inspired to become a vigilante super hero.
He uses his technical expertise to create weapons and gadgets.
His brother Kevin, a tabloid news cameraman, goes along with this fantasy, believing that it's Darryl's way to cope with the murder of his grandmother.
Darryl demands an audience with the police commissioner, but the police are not impressed with his actions, ridicule him, and arrest him for disturbing the peace.
Darryl is released on orders to see a psychiatrist.
The psychiatrist calls Darryl normal, but a geek, infuriating Kevin, who the psychiatrist then attempts to psychoanalyze.
After Darryl is nearly killed trying to protect a citizen on the street, Kevin tries to get him to tone his activities down, advising him to start a neighborhood watch.
After he delivers a woman's baby in an elevator, he is asked for his name.
Darryl just stares, and Kevin replies, "He's gone blank, ma'am".
Both the lady and the reporters interpret this as a name: Blankman.
Over time he protects various other people in the community, building up a reputation and inspiring both the town and other real life superheroes.
Kevin, hoping to win the affections of Kimberly Jonz, a reporter at his TV station, begs Darryl to allow her to interview him.
He relents, on the condition that she wear a carnation.
He brings her to his secret hideout, an abandoned subway station, and they talk about how he took up his duties to memorialize his grandmother and prevent crime.
Impressed by his heroics and modesty, Kimberly immediately falls in love with Darryl and she kisses him causing him to have an erection.
Mayor Harris, who refused Minelli's attempts at bribery, attempts to bring in outside money to pay the IOUs the city has been giving its workers.
He also requests that Blankman be there to protect the people and receive a special award.
As the money is released, Minelli's henchmen storm the bank and take the mayor hostage, threatening to detonate explosives.
At the police chief's request and the crowd's chants, Blankman attempts to save the mayor but is unable to defuse all the bombs.
He reveals his identity to the mayor and tells him of his grandmother's support for the mayor.
Mayor Harris wishes him well, warning him to run and says he will tell mrs Walker about Darryl.
Blankman runs out screaming as the bank explodes, killing Harris.
The crowd, seeing his failure, turn on him, chasing him down the street.
Darryl then gives up his heroic works for a normal life, getting a job at a McDonald's.
Wanting a great story Kevin's boss Larry Stone, a tabloid news junkie, manages to contact Minelli and trades knowledge of Blankman's love for Kimberly in exchange for an exclusive interview.
In the midst of doing research on Minelli and Darryl's grandmother's death, Kimberly calls Kevin with the news.
As Kevin answers, Minelli takes Kimberly hostage.
Minelli issues a verbal threat to Kevin (thinking he is talking to Blankman), telling him he will kill Kimberly if Blankman does not show up.
Kevin rushes to Darryl's workplace with the news, but Darryl refuses to help wanting a normal life.
Kevin finally convinces him with the news that Minelli had their grandmother killed and that he will wear the costume Darryl designed for him.
The two rush to Darryl's underground lair where he again turns into Blankman.
Kevin becomes his new sidekick but without a name.
He just goes by "Other Guy".
The two heroes then rush to the TV station.
After shooting the reporter interviewing him, Minelli becomes fed up.
While threatening Stone, Blankman and Other Guy crash through the window and attempt a rescue.
The two engage in a fight with Minelli's goons, losing.
They are placed in a water tank and left to slowly drown.
Stone and Kimberly are chained to desks and left to die as Minelli has hidden bombs in the building.
At this point, Blankman calls in J-5, his robot assistant, to save them.
J-5 drills a hole in the tank and the pair kick their way to freedom at the last minute.
The duo then search for the bombs, finding them in a women's bathroom.
Activating J-5's "bomb disposal mode," Blankman stuffs the explosives inside and frees Kimberly.
Stone is left behind, a joke Other Guy wants to play on his boss.
Once outside, the explosives detonate, destroying J-5.
Distraught, Blankman swears revenge.
Tracking Minelli to his hideout in a factory, the two prepare for the final battle.
Other Guy, however, is overconfident and is wounded because his costume is not bulletproof like Darryl's.
Blankman then defeats Minelli's goons with his electric "newchucks" (nunchucks).
Just when Minelli is about to kill Other Guy, Blankman activates his jet-powered roller blades and captures Minelli and delivers him to the police.
Blankman is once again acknowledged as a hero (this time, along with Other Guy) by the people, receiving the Mayor Harris Award for outstanding community service at a ceremony in their honor.
Other Guy receives a Blankman t-shirt (much to Kevin's disgust).
After the ceremony, Kevin introduces Kimberly to "Darryl".
The two make light conversation until Kimberly pretends to see a purse snatcher, putting Darryl on alert.
Kimberly then reveals she knows that they are Blankman and Other Guy, and she kisses Darryl to prove it.
Darryl falls to the ground after getting the same embarrassing reaction he had the first time while Kevin and Kimberly laugh at him.
The film ends with a shot of a banner that reads "We Love You Blankman.
and the Other Guy".
Connie (Nia Vardalos) and Carla (Toni Collette) are two performers whose lifelong friendship and co-obsession with musical theater have brought nothing but career dead ends.
Despite this they continue their optimism, hosting a variety act at an airport lounge.
After accidentally witnessing a mafia hit in Chicago, they go on the run, landing in Los Angeles.
After being fired from a beauty salon, they pose as drag queens and audition to host a drag revue at a gay club called "The Handlebar".
Because they sing their own songs (a rarity for queens), they are hired, and their variety show (at first titled What a Drag (Pun Intended.
) then later re-titled Connie and Carla and the Belles of the Balls after they add a few friends to the act) becomes a hit.
Things are going smoothly but the two make a pact not to let men interfere with their life.
This causes conflict when Connie falls for Jeff (David Duchovny), the straight brother of Robert (Stephen Spinella), one of their drag queen friends.
As the show gets bigger, the two convince the club owner, Stanley (Ian Gomez), to convert it into a full dinner theater, and eventually their popularity threatens to expose them.
On the official opening night of the dinner theater, the mob killers catch up with them.
But with the help of their drag queen friends, and to great applause from the audience (who think it is part of their act), Connie and Carla take them down.
They ultimately confess their real identities to the audience and are accepted for who they are.
Connie reveals herself to Jeff, who arrives after the chaos.
He accepts her and becomes her boyfriend.
The following is a list of musicals referenced or featured in the film (in the order of which they are presented in the film): Barbra Streisand and Debbie Reynolds were mentioned several times before Reynolds herself appeared and performed with Connie and Carla.
Zack Siler (Freddie Prinze, Jr) is the big man on campus at his Southern California high school.
His popular but narcissistic girlfriend, Taylor Vaughan (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe), ditches him for a faded reality TV star from The Real World, Brock Hudson (Matthew Lillard), whom she met on spring break in Florida.
Although bitter over the break-up, Zack consoles himself by claiming that Taylor is replaceable by any girl from the school.
Zack's friend, Dean Sampson, Jr.
(Paul Walker), disagrees and challenges him to a bet on whether Zack can turn any random girl into the Prom Queen within six weeks, a coveted position held by the most popular girl in school.
Dean picks out Laney Boggs (Rachael Leigh Cook), a dorky, solitary, unpopular art student, as his choice for Zack.
Zack approaches and attempts to befriend Laney in the hope of subsequently transforming her into prom queen material.
His first encounter with her is a complete failure, when she pointedly ignores his advance and walks away from him.
With help from Laney's friend, Jesse Jackson (Elden Henson), Zack eventually is successful in getting Laney to take him to a theater lounge frequented by artists and performers.
Intending to deter him, Laney arranges for Zack to be called onto the stage and perform to his surprise.
Zack manages to improvise a show with the Hacky Sack he happens to carry in his pocket.
Laney is impressed by the performance, but rejects him again after he attempts to charm her.
Zack befriends her brother, Simon (Kieran Culkin), and in an attempt to stop this, Laney agrees to go to the beach with him once.
She starts to make friends in the popular crowd as they get a chance to know her.
Zack then successfully persuades her to attend a party at Preston's (Dulé Hill) house the same night, and he employs his sister Mac (Anna Paquin) to give her a makeover, transforming her into a stunning beauty.
Laney's attendance at Preston's party sparks jealousy in Taylor, who then humiliates Laney, but Laney is consoled by Zack, who has by now developed a true affection for her.
As a result of her new appearance and Zack's interest, Laney is nominated for Prom Queen and begins an uneasy battle with Taylor for the crown.
Taylor faces humiliation of her own when Brock informs her their relationship is over, and that he only used her to increase his own popularity (which proves successful with the producers of MTV offering him his own show).
In the meantime, Dean begins to show an interest in Laney as her popularity begins to soar and Zack's victory becomes more imminent.
Dean tries to invite Laney as his prom partner in an attempt to ruin Zack's attempt to boost Laney's winning chance with his own popularity, but Laney refuses.
After falling out with Zack, Dean deliberately tells Laney about the bet and she forces a confession from Zack in public.
Feeling objectified and betrayed, Laney refuses to see Zack again.
Unable to reconcile with Laney, Zack ends up attending the prom with his sister, while Taylor arrives alone, thinking that Zack is still interested in her despite his refusal of her advances.
A disheartened Laney reluctantly dresses up after some persuasion from her father Wayne (Kevin Pollak) and goes to the dance with Dean when he shows up at her house in a tuxedo to invite her again to be his prom date.
At the prom, after a dance scene presided over by the school's resident DJ (Usher Raymond), Mac meets Jesse and they become friends.
Dean boasts to Preston and others in the bathroom that he is succeeding in seducing Laney and has rented a hotel room with intention of having sex with her.
Jesse overhears this and warns Mac and Zack.
Taylor is then crowned Prom Queen with just over half the votes; she begins a long berating speech which is interrupted by the microphone being turned off by a teacher.
By now, the students have seen Taylor for who she is, thanks to Mac revealing her actions against Laney and her involvement with Dean to sabotage Zack.
As a result, Taylor is further humiliated when she loses her popularity and her friends.
Laney leaves the prom with Dean, while Zack attempts to intervene but loses track of them.
When Laney returns to her home, Zack is there waiting for her, along with her father and Simon who are waiting up for her.
Laney explains how she fought off Dean's advances by deafening him with an air horn.
Zack confesses his true feelings to Laney, and asks for forgiveness as well as the chance to further their relationship, which she grants.
Laney tells Zack that she is considering art school after graduation, and Zack jokingly tells her that she has inspired him to pursue a career in performance art.
After their first dance and kiss, Laney asks Zack about his bet with Dean (which is now lost), and Zack responds that he will gracefully honor the terms.
At the graduation ceremony, the terms of the bet are revealed, Zack must appear nude on stage because he lost.
After his name is called, Zack heads to the stage wearing only a graduation cap and strategically carrying a soccer ball.
In the final shot he is not visible, but we see Laney with the soccer ball being thrown to her and the rest of the students reacting to Zack no longer having it for cover.
Sullivan (Reynolds) is the operations manager of Satellite News Network, a fictitious cable TV news channel.
He tries to prevent the impending marriage of Colleran (Turner), his best reporter and ex-wife, by keeping her on the job during the critical news coverage of an upcoming execution and prison break.
It revolves around two stories, firstly the upcoming wedding of Lizzie (Cate) and Guy (Richard) and a second story in flashback of Guy's previous relationship with Jenny (Frances O'Connor).
Jeff Peters (John Malkovich) is an emotionally repressed scientist who cannot stand others because of their intellectual inferiority.
He dreams of deep space exploration, which would be difficult because of the lack of human contact for long periods of time.
He develops the Ulysses android (which looks exactly like him) for the purpose of space exploration, since an android would not be affected by the isolation.
Frankie Stone (Ann Magnuson) is hired to do public relations for the project.
As a part of her job, she must get to know the android better, in order to "humanize" him for the benefit of the project's sponsors in Congress.
However, in his interaction with her, the android develops emotions and develops better social skills than the scientist himself.
At one point the android impersonates Jeff in order to leave the laboratory, and stows away in Frankie's Chevrolet Corvair.
After escaping he encounters human society at a shopping mall, buys a tuxedo, goes on a date with a woman (Laurie Metcalf) who thinks he is Jeff, reducing her to an emotional wreck, and then loses his head (literally) over Frankie's best friend Trish (Glenne Headly) who has taken refuge in Frankie's apartment after walking out on her husband who is a star on the popular daytime soap opera New Jersey.
Frankie also develops feelings for the android and befriends Jeff on a lesser level.
Frankie's mother, (Polly Bergen) learns from Frankie's ex-boyfriend's (Steve) mother that Frankie has a doctor boyfriend (Jeff) and expects Frankie to bring him to the wedding of Frankie's sister.
Frankie persuades Jeff to come, but Ulysses again absconds from the lab and gate-crashes the wedding.
Trish's jealous TV-star husband crashes the wedding and gets into a fight with Ulysses.
Ulysses short-circuits and crashes into the swimming pool, turning the occasion into a public relations disaster.
Frankie is fired from her job and forbidden contact with Ulysses or anyone on the project.
She attempts to say goodbye on launch day by using her connections with a former client and boyfriend (Steve), a candidate for Congress, but she only sees Ulysses during his farewell speech, in which he bemoans the tendency of humans and their tragic emotional relationships.
Eventually, it becomes clear that Ulysses' final speech was actually made by Jeff, who has realized he cannot deal with people.
Due to his lack of social skills, Jeff realizes that the lack of human contact will not be a hardship for him.
Jeff decided to go into space while the android takes his place on Earth so Ulysses and Frankie (who by now are deeply in love) can be together.
In this movie, Dudley "Booger" Dawson (Curtis Armstrong) is getting married to his Omega Mu girlfriend Jeannie (Corinne Bohrer), but the father of the bride tries to stop them, as his desire to maintain his conservative, nouveau-riche standing clashes with his daughter's common interests with and love for the nerdy Booger.
Jeannie's father works with his loathsome son-in-law Chip (the husband of Jeannie's older sister Gaylord) to find a way to discredit Booger and cause Jeannie to call off the wedding.
Lewis Skolnick and the other nerds discover the conspiracy and work to save Booger's wedding ceremony from being torpedoed.
In a subplot, Lewis' wife Betty is pregnant with their first child, and is in her third trimester as the wedding date approaches.
Booger fights an accusation that he fathered an illegitimate child.
In the end, Jeannie's mom tells her husband that she will leave him if he does not support his daughter's wedding to Booger, and Chip's accusations fall apart when the little girl reveals she was "drafted" from an orphanage to play the illegitimate child role.
Chip's wife decides to divorce him and throw him out of their lives forever, leaving Chip to swear his own revenge against the nerds (while Gaylord declares to cheers that her next husband will be a nerd).
In the end, Booger and Jeannie are married, Betty gives birth to a healthy baby boy, and the newly married couple tell Heidi, the little orphan girl, they would like to adopt her.
The short story deals with a vague and mild-mannered man who drives into Waterbury, Connecticut, with his wife for their regular weekly shopping and his wife's visit to the beauty parlor.
During this time he has five heroic daydream episodes.
The first is as a pilot of aS.
Navy flying boat in a storm, then he is a magnificent surgeon performing a one-of-a-kind surgery, then as a deadly assassin testifying in a courtroom, and then as a Royal Air Force pilot volunteering for a daring, secret suicide mission to bomb an ammunition dump.
As the story ends, Mitty imagines himself facing a firing squad, "inscrutable to the last".
Each of the fantasies is inspired by some detail of Mitty's mundane surroundings:.
The story concerns a veteran playboy screenwriter named Richard Benson (William Holden) who has been paid to write a screenplay for his boss, mr Alexander Myerheim (Noël Coward).
Overly set in his playboy and carousing ways, he procrastinates the writing of the screenplay until just two days before it is due.
Gabrielle Simpson (Audrey Hepburn), a temp secretary hired by Benson to type the script, comes to Richard's hotel room where they are to work on the script, only then finding out about their tight deadline and that not one page or line of script had yet been written.
The desperate and self-loathing writer, Richard, begins to be awakened and inspired by the beautiful Gabrielle, and starts to come up with various scenarios for his screenplay, called The Girl Who Stole the Eiffel Tower, which is based on their unfolding romance.
The screenplay, with small but inspired and comedic roles for Noël Coward, Tony Curtis, and other famous stars of the day, makes fun of the movie business, actors, studio heads and itself, and is rife with allusions to the iconic earlier roles of the two main stars.
Paige Morgan (Julia Stiles) is a pre-medical student at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Across the Atlantic, Denmark's Crown Prince Edvard (Luke Mably), prefers to live the life of a playboy, and when with his family often ignores or marginalizes his royal responsibilities.
Inspired by a television commercial showing Wisconsin co-eds flashing their breasts, Edvard meets with his parents, King Haraald (James Fox), and Queen Rosalind (Miranda Richardson), and announces his intention to attend college in America—specifically, Wisconsin.
The Queen then dispatches Edvard's majordomo, Søren (Ben Miller), to chaperone the trip.
Arriving at the university, Edvard orders Søren to keep his identity a secret and to call him 'Eddie'.
Later at a bar Eddie sees Paige serving and asks her to take off her shirt, as on TV.
Paige angrily drenches Eddie with the drink hose and bouncers escort Eddie from the bar.
Though he has apologized, Paige is annoyed when Eddie and she are assigned as lab partners for an organic chemistry class.
Since the class is important for Paige's medical school ambitions, she warns Eddie to not get in her way and reprimands him after he sleeps in through one of their lab experiments.
Running out of money, Eddie gets a job in the deli section of the bar.
Paige reluctantly helps him during his first day, and the two start to mend fences.
Although she does well in science, Paige struggles in an English literature class.
Eddie uses his earlier education to help Paige gain a better understanding of William Shakespeare, and Paige instructs Edvard in common household chores like laundry.
Since Eddie is away from his family and unfamiliar with American holidays, Paige invites him to her parent's dairy farm for Thanksgiving.
Paige's father explains how he struggles to keep the small farm afloat, and Eddie uses his mechanical skills to fine-tune a riding mower for a race, which he wins.
A rival racer proves a sore loser and punches Eddie.
After the fight that follows, Paige treats his grazes and the two kiss for the first time.
Back at school, Eddie and Paige sneak off to the library stacks to pursue a romantic encounter.
While there, members of the Danish tabloid press ambush the couple.
Once away from the mayhem, Paige learns his real identity and walks away from him through the rain.
Just then Eddie is notified by his mother that his father is very ill and she asks him to return.
While Paige is questioned at a viva voce panel about Shakespeare, she realizes that she loves Edvard and runs to find him, only to discover that he has already left for Denmark.
She follows him there and while being driven round Copenhagen is delayed by a royal parade.
Paige leaves her taxi and is recognized from the papers by the crowd, who call Edvard’s attention to her.
He mounts her behind him on his horse, hurriedly opens a parliamentary session and takes her to the castle.
The queen objects to Edvard's choice, but the king tells him that if he loves Paige, he should marry her.
Edvard proposes and Paige accepts.
After witnessing him reconcile workers and employers in a parliamentary committee, the queen realizes that Paige has helped him grow up at last and will make a good queen.
However, during a palace ball Paige remembers that she is betraying her ambition to become a doctor working in Third World countries, breaks her engagement and returns home.
King Haraald abdicates and the newly crowned Edvard realizes that he too has responsibilities to shoulder.
However, he arrives after Paige’s graduation at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and tells her that she is his choice and he is willing to wait for however long it takes to achieve her dreams.
The film ends with no resolution.
Becker, a hotshot American marketing executive (played by Roberts) from The Coca-Cola Company visits their Australian operations and tries to figure out why a tiny corner of Australia (the fictional town of Anderson Valley) has so far resisted all of Coke's products.
He literally bumps into the very pretty secretary (played by Scacchi) who is assigned to help him.
Eventually Becker discovers that a local producer of soft drinks run by an old eccentric has been successfully fending off the American brand name products.
The executive vows an all out marketing war with the eccentric but eventually comes to reconsider his role as a cog in Coca-Cola's giant corporate machinery.
Along the way there are humorous subplots involving the office manager's violent ex-husband, Becker's attempt to find the 'Australian sound', and an odd waiter who is under the mistaken belief that Becker is a secret agent.
Lalita Bakshi (Aishwarya Rai) is a young woman living in Amritsar with her doting father and helping him run the family farming enterprise; her mother, who is determined to marry off her daughters to respectable and wealthy men; and her three sisters, Jaya (Namrata Shirodkar), Maya (Meghna Kothari), and Lakhi.
At a friend's wedding, Lalita meets Will Darcy (Martin Henderson), a handsome and wealthy American working in his family's hotel business, who has arrived in Amritsar with his long-time friend, the British-Indian barrister Balraj, and Balraj's sister Kiran.
Darcy resists his attraction to Lalita, who considers him conceited, arrogant, and intolerant toward India and Indian culture.
At parties and gatherings, mrs Bakshi's mindless chatter, Maya's kitschy dancing, and Lakhi's uninhibited flirting astonish Darcy and his friends, and mortify Jaya and Lalita.
Balraj and Jaya fall quickly in love, but misunderstandings and interference by others prolong their courtship.
On a trip to Goa with Darcy, Kiran, Balraj and Jaya, Lalita meets and is attracted to Johnny Wickham (Daniel Gillies), Darcy's former friend, and he validates her low opinion of Darcy.
Mr Kholi, a rich, crass, clumsy, and ostentatious Americanized relative, proposes to Lalita.
After she turns him down, her best friend Chandra agrees to marry him, much to Lalita's confusion and consternation.
When the youngest sister Lakhi runs off with Wickham in London, Darcy and Lalita find the couple and separate them before he can ruin her life, as he almost did to Will's young sister Georgie.
Ultimately, back in India for Jaya and Balraj's wedding, Darcy surprises and wins over Lalita by joining in the traditional drumming, showing that he is learning to appreciate Indian culture.
The film ends with the double wedding of Jaya to Balraj and Lalita to Darcy, with the two couples riding on elephants down the streets of Amritsar.
Lilian 'Lil' Andrews (Harlow) is a young woman who will do anything to improve herself.
She seduces her wealthy boss William 'Bill' Legendre Jr.
(Chester Morris) and cleverly breaks up his marriage with his loving wife Irene (Leila Hyams).
Irene reconsiders and tries to reconcile with Bill, only to find he has married Lil the previous day.
However, Lil finds herself shunned by high society, including Bill's father, Will Legendre, Sr.
(Lewis Stone), because of her lower-class origins and homewrecking.
When Charles Gaerste (Henry Stephenson), a nationally known coal tycoon and the main customer of the Legendres' company, visits the city, Lil thinks she has found a way to force her way into the highest social circles.
She seduces him, then blackmails him into throwing a party at her mansion, knowing that no one would dare offend him by not showing up.
It seems like a social coup for Lil, until her hairdresser friend and confidante Sally (Una Merkel) points out that all the guests have left early to attend a surprise party for Irene (who lives across the street).
Humiliated, she decides to move to New York City, even if it means a temporary separation from her husband.
Will finds Lil's handkerchief at Gaerste's place and correctly guesses what Lil has done.
He shows his evidence to his son, who hires detectives to watch Lil.
They find that she is conducting not one, but two affairs, with Charles and his handsome French chauffeur Albert (Charles Boyer).
Bill shows Charles damning photographs.
When Lil learns that Charles has found out about her, she returns to Bill, only to find him with Irene.
Furious, she shoots him, but he survives and refuses to have her charged with attempted murder.
However, he does divorce her, and remarries Irene.
Two years later, he sees her again, at a racetrack in Paris, in the company of an aged Frenchman.
He discreetly hides Irene's binoculars.
In the final scene, Lil and her elderly companion get into a limousine.
driven by Albert.
Miles Raymond is an aspiring&nbsp;– but unsuccessful&nbsp;– writer, a wine aficionado and a divorced, depressed, borderline alcoholic middle-aged English teacher living in San Diego, who takes his soon-to-be-married actor friend and former college roommate, Jack Cole, on a road trip through Santa Ynez Valley wine country.
Though still recognized on occasion, Jack's acting career appears to have peaked years ago, when he had a role in a popular TV soap but now does commercial voice-overs and plans to enter his future father-in-law's successful real estate business after he's married.
Miles wants to spend the week relaxing, golfing, enjoying good food and wine; however, much to Miles' consternation, Jack is on the prowl and wants one last sexual fling before settling into domestic life.
In the wine country, the pair visit Miles' favorite restaurant, The Hitching Post II, and meet Maya, an attractive, intelligent waitress with whom Miles is casually acquainted.
Jack senses that Maya is interested in Miles, who downplays his friend's intuition, and tells Jack that Maya is married.
Jack tells Maya that Miles' manuscript has been accepted for publication, even though it is only being considered.
Later, at a tasting in a local winery, they meet an attractive wine pourer named Stephanie, who is also acquainted with Maya.
Jack is immediately attracted to Stephanie and arranges a double date, to include Miles and Maya, and tells Miles that he learned Maya is no longer married ("sans rock", as he describes it).
During the date, Miles gets drunk and telephones Vicki, his ex-wife, after learning from Jack earlier that day that she has remarried.
They return to Stephanie's home, where Jack and Stephanie immediately adjourn to her bedroom for sex, while Miles and Maya connect through their mutual interest in wine.
Miles tells Maya about his book, and Maya says she is finishing a master's degree in horticulture so she can leave serving.
Miles makes a gauche pass at Maya, which she rejects.
They leave separately, but not before he gives her a copy of his manuscript.
As the week progresses, Jack's affair with Stephanie continues, to the point where he believes he's falling in love with her; he bonds with her daughter and makes the suggestion to Miles that they move there for him to be closer to Stephanie.
After spending the day together, Miles and Maya return to her apartment and have sex.
The next day, Miles lets it slip that Jack is to be married.
Disgusted with the dishonesty, Maya dumps Miles and later tells Stephanie who, furious and devastated to learn she's been used, hits Jack repeatedly and breaks his nose using her motorcycle helmet.
On finding out his manuscript has been rejected again, Miles drinks heavily, and when the server cuts him off, he ends up drinking from the spit bucket, but Jack eases him out of the room in time.
That night, with Stephanie gone, Jack hooks up with another waitress named Cammi, who recognized him from his acting career.
Hours later, Jack shows up back at the motel room he shares with Miles&nbsp;– naked and confessing that Cammi's husband came home early while she and Jack were having sex.
Jack explains he was forced to flee without his clothes and wallet (which contains a pair of irreplaceable wedding rings).
Jack convinces Miles to drive him back to Cammi's house and sneak inside, where he discovers Cammi and her husband having sex.
Miles spies Jack's wallet, grabs it and runs from the house, barely escaping Cammi's irate husband, who pursues him in the nude.
To explain the broken nose and cover up the infidelity to his fiancée, Jack runs Miles' convertible into a tree, giving the appearance they had been in an accident.
The pair return to the home of Jack's fiancée, where he is welcomed with open arms, and Miles drives away in his battered car.
Following the wedding ceremony, Miles runs into his ex-wife Vicki and meets her new husband.
After learning that she is also pregnant, Miles accepts that he will never get Vicki back.
Alone, he drinks his prized wine, a 1961 Château Cheval Blanc, from a disposable coffee cup at a fast-food restaurant and falls into an even deeper depression.
After some time passes, Miles returns to the routine of teaching school; coming home one afternoon, he receives a voice-mail from Maya, who says she enjoyed his manuscript and invites him to visit.
Ultimately, Miles is seen driving back to Santa Ynez and knocking on Maya's door.
Jimmy Tong (Leslie Cheung) is an expert blackmailer and thief who specialises in white-collar crimes.
With his side-kick (Vincent Kok), Jimmy steals a personal diary belonging to a Yakuza leader, Ken Sato (Masaya Kato), intending to use its details as a platform for blackmailing and to extort money.
Sato agreed to the uneasy deal and made preparations to pay Jimmy his exorbitant demands only for Sato's girlfriend, Jenny (Faye Wong) to betray him and make off with the money to Okinawa.
Elsewhere, Dat Lo (Tony Leung) was vacationing with his girlfriend (Gigi Lai) and another jilted girl (Stephanie Che) in Okinawa (intending to use the vacation to dump his own girlfriend), but stumbles into Jimmy whom he had little problems recognising as an international crook.
From here onwards, Dat set aside his irrelevant plans to dump his companions and sought to devise a plan to entrap and to subsequently arrest Jimmy.
Dat tried to convince Jimmy as an accomplice to a new bank heist of which Jimmy needed little persuasion.
However, Jenny comes into the frame and before long, both Jimmy and Dat fell in love with her.
While researching an ordinary real estate transaction, title examiner Leah Farrell (McCormick) discovers a property transfer document with the forged name of a missing woman, and proceeds to investigate.
When she is threatened by gangsters for snooping around, she turns for help to Assistant District Attorney Paul Shaughnessy (Atkins).
As Paul tries to protect Leah from the danger that looms from all sides, romance blooms.
The two of them foil the plot to bring illegal gambling activities to a small seaside town in Massachusetts.
Terri Fletcher (Hilary Duff) is a teenager with a passion for singing and dreams of becoming a professional singer.
She wants to participate in a music program that could giver her a $10,000 scholarship.
Her father Simon (David Keith), a second-generation restaurateur, disapproves of Terri's plans, stating that being a singer may not be a worthwhile life choice.
In reality, his opposition stems from resentment; Simon turned down a similar scholarship to run his parents' restaurant when they became ill; he is intimidated by the thought of his daughter flourishing where he couldn't bring himself to try.
Terri is very close to her elder brother Paul (Jason Ritter) who fully supports her dream, despite what their dad says.
At Paul's graduation-day barbecue, he has a fight with Simon, who, in the heat of it, grounds his son.
Terri sneaks Paul out of the house to attend a Three Days Grace concert.
On the way back, they are in a car accident.
Terri awakens in the hospital, where she learns that Paul was killed.
Terri loses interest in her singing, and also in the music program.
However, Terri's mother Frances (Rita Wilson) feels differently; knowing that Paul would have wanted Terri to attend the program, she convinces her surviving offspring to go.
Frances tells Simon that Terri plans to live with her aunt Nina (Rebecca De Mornay) in Palm Desert for the summer and allows her daughter to travel to Los Angeles.
Terri arrives in Los Angeles and weathers some difficult ordeals: her jacket is stolen, her cab driver is crabby, and when she arrives at the music school, the door is locked; fellow student Jay (Oliver James) lets her in and Terri arrives safely.
While at the program, Terri makes new friends and learns a great deal about music, but problems arise when she is plagued by memories of the car crash which took Paul's life and finds it increasingly difficult to keep her participation in the program a secret from her father.
Throughout the film, Terri develops a mutual fondness for Jay, but she faces competition from Robin Childers (Lauren Mayhew), who was involved with Jay the previous summer.
Although Robin still harbors feelings for Jay, it is obvious that he does not reciprocate these feelings.
Jay tries to get Robin to cease her efforts to keep him and Terri apart.
On one occasion, she kisses him just as Terri walks in.
Jay pushes Robin away, but Terri runs off in tears, ignoring Jay's insistence that the kiss meant nothing.
Later, finding him drunk, Terri and her roommate Denise (Dana Davis) take Jay elsewhere to sober up.
When he does, Jay apologizes, and Terri agrees to finish the song they've been working on for the scholarship contest.
At home, Simon learns of Terri's ruse and becomes furious.
On the final day, Simon comes to the school and Terri finds him packing up her belongings; he reams his daughter for disobeying and deceiving him, and for turning his own sister and wife against him.
She begs him to let her finish what she started here and not let the summer go to waste.
Ultimately, realizing how selfish he had been acting concedes and allows her to perform.
Terri and Jay then perform the song they wrote with Terri, dedicating it to Paul.
The scholarship prize is won by Denise, yet Simon is proud of his daughter and her talents.
He is also glad that her last memory of Paul is one worth having (the concert), as opposed to Simon's own (their argument, and Paul's subsequent restriction to his bedroom).
Terri's teachers hope to see her next year; Simon replies that they just might.
Over the end credits, Terri performs for her parents and Nina, with Jay cheering her on.
Jenny Taylor (Amanda Bynes) is a fan of Jason Masters (Chris Carmack), a world-famous rock star, but her efforts to meet him are always thwarted by her nemesis, Alexis (Jamie-Lynn Sigler).
Hoping to get another chance, Jenny takes a job at Masters' favorite Caribbean resort, joined by her best friend Ryan (Jonathan Bennett).
Jenny sneaks aboard a party vessel Jason is on, and when Jason is washed overboard, Jenny jumps in to save him.
Though the pair find themselves marooned in a secluded cove of a seemingly-deserted island, Jenny soon discovers that they have landed a short distance from the resort.
She lets him believe they are stranded so she can make him fall in love with her.
Jenny gets help from Ryan, who drives out to her location to provide her with suppliesWhen Alexis discovers Jenny's plan by following Ryan secretly, she also pretends to be marooned with them.
While Ryan has been helping, he has also decided to act on his long-standing love for Jenny, seeking advice on asking her out.
He completely transforms himself, yet when she sees him, all she talks about is Jason.
Ryan confesses he can't stop thinking about her and kisses her, but when Jenny protests that they are friends he tells her that he's going home, and drives off.
Jenny feels bad and tells Jason the truth about not being stranded.
He gets upset at both Jenny and Alexis, promises to sue them both, and leaves them behind as he hitches a ride back to the resort.
When Ryan hears that a storm is going to hit the side of the island where Jenny is he drives out to save her.
As the storm builds, Jenny gets stuck in the car Ryan had abandoned to look for her, when Ryan returns just in time to save her as the car is about to slide over a muddy embankment.
When he takes Jenny into a cave and lights a fire to keep her warm, she realizes that he is the one that cares for her the most.
After the storm passes, Jenny and Ryan return to the resort, where Jason and his manager tell Jenny that they need her help to maintain the 'stranded' story at a press conference.
Ryan proclaims his love for Jenny but is then forced out by Jason's bodyguard.
At the press conference, Jenny tells everyone that her boyfriend is Ryan and that Alexis is Jason's fiancee, then walks off with Ryan.
As the end-credits roll, Jason is on stage in Winnipeg, unhappily dedicating a song to his wife, Alexis, who is standing at his side.
Sixteen-year-old Dedee Truitt (Christina Ricci) runs away from home.
She is pregnant by her ex-boyfriend, Randy Cates (William Lee Scott).
Not revealing her pregnancy, Dedee eventually moves in with her much older half-brother Bill (Martin Donovan), a gay teacher in a conservative, suburban community in Saint Joseph County, Indiana.
Although he is living with Matt (Ivan Sergei), Bill still mourns the loss of his previous partner, Tom, who died of AIDS some time ago.
Bill maintains a friendship with Tom's younger sister, Lucia (Lisa Kudrow), who idolized her brother.
Dedee seduces Matt, then tricks him into believing he has impregnated her.
They elope, leaving Bill and Lucia to track them down.
Bill and Lucia find Dedee and Matt, only to discover Dedee has stolen Tom's ashes and is holding them for ransom.
Randy also finds Dedee; they inform Matt that they are taking the ashes and moving away.
They escape but soon get into an argument that leads to Dedee accidentally shooting Randy.
She and Matt escape to Canada.
Bill eventually tracks down Matt and Dedee.
Dedee goes into labor and Bill accompanies her into the delivery room.
After giving birth to her son, Dedee returns Tom's ashes to Bill, apologizing for her actions in the past year.
Lucia and Bill have a falling out after Lucia implies that Tom died as a result of having gay sex.
Despondent, Lucia has a one-night stand with Sheriff Carl Tippett (Lyle Lovett) who had previously made unsuccessful romantic overtures to her.
Lucia soon discovers that she is pregnant.
Dedee ends up serving time in prison, leaving her son in Bill's care while she's incarcerated.
After a few months, she moves back in with Bill, while Matt goes traveling, and Lucia gives birth to her own child.
Eventually, Dedee decides that her son would be better off with Bill, who is now dating Dedee's parole officer, and runs away.
Dedee sarcastically concludes that sex is precisely the opposite of what people should want, leading as it does to kids, disease or, worst of all, relationships.
At the end of the film, the vignettes of the various caring relationships among the characters show the opposite of superficial sexual gratification.
The film follows the lives of a group of gay friends in West Hollywood.
Among the group is Dennis (Timothy Olyphant), a photographer who often holds the group together; Cole (Dean Cain) a handsome, charismatic actor who &mdash; often unwittingly &mdash; ends up with other people's boyfriends; Benji (Zach Braff), the youngest member of the group, with a penchant for gym-bodied men, who finds himself going through some bad times; Howie (Matt McGrath), a psychology student who is known for overthinking every situation; Patrick (Ben Weber), the cynic of the group; and Taylor (Billy Porter), who has just broken up with his long-term boyfriend.
Guiding them is restaurant owner Jack (John Mahoney) who provides them with advice and jobs for some of them who work part-time as servers at his restaurant.
But when tragedy strikes, and the group's newest member, 23-year-old Kevin (Andrew Keegan), attempts to fit in, their friendships are put to the test.
The film also stars Nia Long, Mary McCormack and Justin Theroux, and features a cameo by Kerr Smith, who knew the director through their work on Dawson's Creek and enjoyed the script so much he asked to be a part of it, and Jennifer Coolidge as the hairdresser Betty, that all the guys, with the exception of Howie, go to for hair therapy.
Glendon Wasey (Sean Penn) is a sleazy, down-on-his-luck con man struggling to sell glow-in-the-dark neckties in Shanghai.
When he encounters the lovely Gloria Tatlock (Madonna), a missionary nurse who wants to obtain a supply of opium to ease the suffering of her patients, he decides to help her get hold of a stolen supply of the valuable drug.
The only problem is that a lot of other people want to secure the stolen opium as well—gangsters, smugglers, thugs and a host of dangerous lowlifes.
In the 1890s, a group of "Harvey Girls" - new waitresses for Fred Harvey's pioneering chain of Harvey House restaurants - travels on the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Railway (AT&SF) to the western town of Sandrock, Arizona.
On the trip they meet Susan Bradley (Judy Garland), who travels to the same town to marry the man whose beautiful letters she received when she answered a "lonely-hearts" ad.
Unfortunately, when she arrives, the man turns out to be an "old coot" who does not at all meet her expectations – and he also wants not to get married as much as she wants not to marry him, so they agree to call it off.
When she learns that someone else, the owner of the local saloon, Ned Trent (John Hodiak), wrote the letters as a joke, she confronts him and tells him off, in the process endearing herself to him.
Then Susan joins the Harvey Girls, and she soon becomes their leader in fighting against the attempts by Trent's business associate, Judge Sam Purvis (Preston Foster), to scare them off – and against the animosity of the dance-hall girls and, apparently, prostitutes, led by Em (Angela Lansbury), who is in love with Trent, and who sees Susan as a rival.
Trent visits to see the value of the Harvey House and other trappings of civilization, then he tells Purvis to leave them alone, but Purvis continues with his campaign of intimidation, finally burning down the restaurant.
Trent offers his saloon as a replacement, and Em and the dance-hall girls leave town.
Susan, thinking that Trent too is leaving, gets on the train, but Em, seeing that Susan loves Trent so much that she is willing to give up everything for him, stops the train and points out Trent, riding toward them on his horse.
Ultimately, they are wedded in the desert, surrounded by the Harvey Girls.
George (Bing Crosby) and Harold (Bob Hope), American song-and-dance men performing in Melbourne, Australia, leave in a hurry to avoid various marriage proposals.
They end up in Darwin, where they take jobs as pearl divers for a prince.
They are taken by boat to an idyllic island on the way to Bali, Indonesia.
They vie for the favours of exotic (and half-Scottish) Princess Lala (Dorothy Lamour), a cousin of the Prince (Murvyn Vye).
A hazardous dive produces a chest of priceless jewels, which the Prince plans to claim as his own.
After escaping from the Prince and his henchmen, the three are shipwrecked and washed up on another island.
Lala is now in love with both of the boys and can't decide which to choose.
However, once the natives find them, she learns that in their society, a woman may take multiple husbands, and declares she will marry them both.
While the boys are prepared for the ceremony, both thinking the other man lost, plans are changed.
She's being unwillingly wed to the already much-married King (Leon Askin), while the boys end up married to each other.
Displeased with the arrangement, a volcano god initiates a massive eruption.
After fleeing, the three end up on yet another beach where Lala chooses George over Harold.
An undaunted Harold conjures up Jane Russell from a basket by playing a flute.
Alas, she, too, rejects Harold, which means George walks off with both Lala and Jane.
A lonesome Harold is left on the beach, demanding that the film shouldn't finish and asking the audience to stick around to see what's going to happen next.
Drew Latham is a wealthy advertising executive.
Just before Christmas, he surprises his girlfriend Missy with first class tickets to Fiji.
She is horrified that he would want to spend Christmas away from his family.
Citing the fact that Drew has never even introduced her to his family, she concludes that he will never get serious about their relationship and dumps him.
Drew has his assistant send her a Cartier bracelet to apologize.
Desperate not to spend Christmas alone, Drew calls all of his contacts to find a place to stay on Christmas, but he is not close enough to anyone to be invited.
He tracks down Missy's therapist, dr Freeman, at the airport, hoping to squeeze in a therapy session.
The hurried doctor tells him to list all of his grievances and then burn them at his childhood home.
The house is now occupied by the Valcos, who wonder what Drew is doing on their front lawn.
When he sets his grievances on fire, Tom Valco sneaks up behind him and knocks him out with a shovel.
After he comes to, Drew explains what he was doing and asks for a tour of the house.
Thrilled to see his old room, Drew impetuously offers Tom $250,000 to let him spend Christmas with the Valcos.
Tom accepts, and Drew's lawyer draws up a contract that requires the Valcos to pose as his family.
The next day, Drew forces the family to go out and buy a tree together, requiring Tom to wear a Santa cap in public.
While they are trimming the tree, the eldest child Alicia arrives for the holidays and is stunned by Drew's presence.
He suggests that she could portray the maid, since she was an unexpected addition to the scenario.
At dinner, Drew writes a script for the family to read at the table.
He hires a local actor to play the part of his grandfather, whom he calls Doo-Dah.
Drew takes Alicia and her brother Brian sledding the next day.
After crashing at the bottom of a hill, he moves into kiss Alicia, who sneezes instead.
Recovering back home from their growing colds, Alicia shares a childhood memory with Drew about an old tree that was coated in ice during a storm.
Tom asks Drew to leave because he was planning on divorcing his wife Christine.
Instead, Drew encourages the couple to indulge themselves.
Tom buys a Chevelle SS, which he had when he was in high school, and Christine goes to a photographer for some glamour shots.
One evening, Drew takes Alicia to the old tree of her childhood, which he has had covered in ice again.
She is touched by the gesture, but Drew overdoes it, bringing in a full pageant production to surround the tree.
Disgusted by his lack of restraint, Alicia demands that he leave.
Meanwhile, Missy was won over by the bracelet, and when Drew's assistant informed her that he was spending Christmas with his family, Missy visits the Valcos' house with her parents.
Drew promises the Valcos an extra $75,000 if they will play along for the evening, and they agree to pretend to be his family.
The visit between the two families steadily descends into chaos, culminating with everyone seeing Christine's glamour shots manipulated into pornography on Brian's computer.
Missy's parents storm out, and Drew informs her that their relationship is over.
Alicia finally draws out of Drew the truth about his family.
His father left them when he was just four, and every Christmas, his mother would work a double shift at the diner to make extra money.
He would spend Christmas Day alone and visit his mom at the end of the night, and she would give him an adult stack of pancakes.
He repeated the ritual every year until he was 18, and he has never been in a diner since.
His mother died when he was in college.
Drew returns to his apartment to spend Christmas alone.
Tom visits him to collect his money, and the two decide to go watch the actor who played Doo-Dah perform in the local production of A Christmas Carol.
At the play, Tom and Christine decide not to divorce.
Drew and Alicia make up outside the theater, and the film closes with everyone eating in the diner where Drew's mother worked.
It is spring.
Randy Dean is a 17-year-old student in her final year with poor grades, only one friend - Frank, a gay Latino - secret cigarette and marijuana habits and a cashier’s job at a gas station with fellow worker Regina.
Shunned by other students for her tomboyish personality and appearance, she spends most of her free time either by herself or in illicit meetings with her romantic partner Wendy, a married woman who drops by the gas station when it pleases her, even though Randy knows they are in a dead-end relationship.
Randy lives with her lesbian aunt Rebecca and her girlfriend Vicky, as well as Rebecca's ex-girlfriend Lena, who has no place to stay and is living with them until she finds somewhere else she can go to.
One day Evie Roy stops in a pristine Range Rover, unsure if her tires need air.
Randy recognizes her from school and talks to her for the first time.
Evie is an only child living with her well-off, cultured mother, Evelyn, who has a difficult relationship with her remarried husband.
Randy and Evie start passing notes in school and hanging out with each other, although Evie does not reveal this to her cliquish friends.
During this time, Randy is approached by Wendy's jealous husband Ali at the gas station, who grabs Randy and warns her to stay away from his wife.
Randy spends much of her time with Evie hanging out in meadows, trading music (opera and Mozart from Evie, punk rock from Randy) and talking.
When Wendy next visits her, Randy rejects her, telling her she has a new girlfriend, Evie.
Evie breaks up with her boyfriend Hayjay after he complains of her distant attitude towards him.
Later, apparently on a spur of the moment, she lends Randy a copy of Walt Whitman’s Leaves of Grass, which Randy starts to devour.
Inviting Evie to her family’s small house for dinner one evening, Randy reveals to her that she has lived with Rebecca and Vicky since Randy's devoutly religious mother abandoned her to devote all her time to an Operation Rescue-like group.
On the front steps of Rebecca's house, they kiss for the first time.
Evie records it in her diary later, apparently wondering what it all means.
Randy and Evie experiment with how "out" they can be as lesbians, nervously holding hands at a local diner.
Remembering Randy’s warning of how intolerant the town can be, Evie nevertheless breaks the news to her three closest friends.
One girl is supportive (if confused), but the other two are hostile to the idea: one of them says, “God, Evie, if you were gonna turn gay you think you could at least choose someone who’s pretty.
” Meanwhile, Randy’s grades continue to plummet and the school warns her she will not graduate; Randy hides this information from Rebecca.
When Evie’s mother leaves on a business trip, the girls take the opportunity to cook a huge meal, indulging in wine and marijuana.
That night, they make love, then fall asleep in Evie’s mother’s bed.
The next morning, it is Evie's 18th birthday; Evelyn returns prematurely with presents for her, but is shocked by the mess in the kitchen and the rest of the house.
Furiously searching the upstairs, she discovers Evie and Randy, but only realizes Randy is a girl when she runs past her on her way out.
Rebecca, who has learned that Randy will not be graduating high school, goes over to go to Frank’s house with Vicky and Lena, where Randy had told them she would be staying the night.
Rebecca threatens Frank until, panicked, he turns over Evie’s phone number.
She calls, but Evie and Randy have already absconded and she is left talking to a furious Evelyn.
Evie and Randy, crying, scared and accusatory, take refuge in a motel.
Randy finally calls Wendy, who comes out, pays for the room and tries to comfort the girls.
Ali sees her car in the parking lot, however, and comes bursting in, eventually attracting Evelyn, Rebecca, Vicky, Lena, Frank, and Evie’s three friends, who were driving past reading aloud from Rita Mae Brown’s Rubyfruit Jungle (apparently still processing Evie’s news).
The movie ends with Randy and Evie kissing and hugging in the open motel room doorway while everyone else argues in the background at top volume.
Margaret "Maggie" Fitzgerald, a waitress from a Missouri town in the Ozarks, shows up in the Hit Pit, a run-down Los Angeles gym owned and operated by Frankie Dunn, an old, cantankerous boxing trainer.
Maggie asks Frankie to train her, but he initially refuses.
Maggie works out tirelessly each day in his gym, even after Frankie tells her she's "too old" to begin a boxing career at her age.
Eddie "Scrap-Iron" Dupris, Frankie's friend and employee—and the film's narrator—encourages and helps her.
Frankie's prize prospect, "Big" Willie Little, signs with successful manager Mickey Mack after becoming impatient with Dunn's rejecting offers for a championship bout.
With prodding from Scrap and impressed with her persistence, Frankie reluctantly agrees to train Maggie.
He warns her that he will teach her only the basics and then find her a manager.
Other than Maggie and his employees, the only person Frankie has contact with is a local pastor, with whom he spars verbally at daily Mass.
Before her first fight, Frankie leaves Maggie with a random manager in his gym, much to her dismay; upon being told by Scrap that said manager deliberately put her up against his best girl (coaching the novice to lose) to give her an easy win, Frankie rejoins Maggie in the middle of the bout and coaches her instead to an unforeseen victory.
A natural, she fights her way up in the women's amateur boxing division with Frankie's coaching, winning many of her lightweight bouts with first-round knockouts.
Earning a reputation for her KOs, Frankie must resort to bribery to get other managers to put their trainee fighters up against her.
Eventually, Frankie risks putting her in the junior welterweight class, where her nose is broken in her first match.
Frankie comes to establish a paternal bond with Maggie, who substitutes for his estranged daughter.
Scrap, concerned when Frankie rejects several offers for big fights, arranges a meeting for her with Mickey Mack at a diner on her 33rd birthday.
Out of loyalty, she declines.
Frankie begrudgingly accepts a fight for her against a top-ranked opponent in the UK, where he bestows a Gaelic nickname on her.
The two travel Europe as she continues to win; Maggie eventually saves up enough of her winnings to buy her mother a house, but she berates Maggie for endangering her government aid, claiming that everyone back home is laughing at her.
Frankie is finally willing to arrange a title fight.
He secures Maggie a $1 million match in Las Vegas, Nevada against the WBA women's welterweight champion, Billie "The Blue Bear", a German ex-prostitute who has a reputation as a dirty fighter.
Overcoming a shaky start, Maggie begins to dominate the fight, but after a round has ended, Billie knocks her out with an illegal sucker punch from behind after the bell has sounded to indicate the end of the round.
Before Frankie can pull the corner stool out of the way which was inappropriately placed on its side by Frankie's assistant, Maggie lands hard on it, breaking her neck and leaving her a ventilator-dependent quadriplegic.
Frankie is shown experiencing the first three of the five stages of grief: first seeking multiple doctors' opinions in denial, then blaming Scrap in anger and later trying to bargain with God through prayer.
In a medical rehabilitation facility, Maggie looks forward to a visit from her family, but they arrive accompanied by an attorney and only after having first visited Disneyland and Universal Studios Hollywood; their only concern is to transfer Maggie's assets to them.
She orders them to leave, threatening to sell the house and inform the IRS of her mother's welfare fraud if they ever show their faces again.
As the days pass, Maggie develops bedsores and undergoes an amputation for an infected leg.
She asks a favor of Frankie: to help her die, declaring that she got everything she wanted out of life.
A horrified Frankie refuses, and Maggie later bites her tongue repeatedly in an attempt to bleed to death, but the medical staff saves her and takes measures to prevent further suicide attempts.
The pastor Frankie has harassed for 23 years, Father Horvak, warns him that he would never find himself again if he were to go through with Maggie's wishes.
Frankie sneaks in one night, unaware that Scrap is watching from the shadows.
Just before administering a fatal injection of adrenaline, he finally tells Maggie the meaning of a nickname he gave her, Mo Chuisle (spelled incorrectly in the film as "mo cuishle"): Irish for "my darling, and my blood" (literally, "my pulse").
He never returns to the gym.
Scrap's narration is revealed to be a letter to Frankie's daughter, informing her of her father's true character.
The last shot of the film shows Frankie sitting at the counter of a diner where Maggie once took him.
Booty Call is about a tender-hearted, upwardly-mobile named Rushon (Davidson) who has been dating his girlfriend Nikki (Jones) for seven weeks.
They really like each other, but their relationship has not yet been consummated; Nikki is not so sure if their relationship is ready for the next stage.
Rushon asks Nikki out to dinner, but Nikki wants it to be a double date.
She brings her opinionated friend Lysterine "Lysti" (Vivica Fox), and Rushon comes with his "bad boy" buddy Bunz (Jamie Foxx).
Lysti and Bunz hit it off very quickly, and to Rushon's surprise, Nikki decides it is time for their relationship to move to the next level.
However, they have one small problem: this is the 90s, and everyone wants to practice "safe sex".
Therefore, Rushon and Bunz must go on wild adventures trying to find "protection" before the evening's mood evaporates.
Gregory Underwood (John Gordon Sinclair) is an awkward teenager who plays in his school football team.
They are not doing very well, so the coach (Jake D'Arcy) holds a trial to find new players.
Dorothy (Dee Hepburn), turns up and, despite the coach's sexist misgivings, proves to be a very good player.
She subsequently takes Gregory's place as centre forward, and Gregory in turn replaces his friend Andy (Robert Buchanan) as goalkeeper.
Gregory is all for her making the team, as he finds her very attractive.
However, he has to compete for her attention with all the other boys who share the same opinion.
Gregory initially confides in his best friend Steve (William Greenlees), the most mature of Gregory's circle of friends, and asks him for help in attracting Dorothy.
Steve, however, is unable to assist him.
Acting on the advice of his precocious 10-year-old sister, Madeleine (Allison Forster), he awkwardly asks Dorothy out on a date.
She accepts, but Dorothy's friend, Carol (Caroline Guthrie), shows up at the rendezvous instead and informs Gregory that something had come up; Dorothy will not be able to make it.
He is disappointed, but Carol talks him into taking her to the chip shop.
When they arrive, she hands him off to another friend, Margo (Carol Macartney), and leaves.
By then, Gregory is rather confused, but goes for a walk with the new girl.
On their stroll, they encounter a waiting Susan (Clare Grogan), another of Dorothy's friends, and Margo leaves.
Susan confesses that it was all arranged by her friends, including Dorothy.
She explains, "It's just the way girls work.
They help each other".
They go to the park and talk.
At the date's end, Gregory is more than pleased with Susan, and the two kiss numerous times on his doorstep before calling it a night and arranging a second date.
Madeleine, who had been watching from the window, quizzes him on his date and calls him a liar when he claims he did not kiss Susan.
Gregory's friends, Andy and Charlie (Graham Thompson), are even more inept with girls but see Gregory at various times with three apparent dates, and are envious of his new success.
They try to hitchhike to Caracas, where Andy has heard the women greatly outnumber the men, but fail at that as well.
Tanzania "Tanzie" (Hilary Duff) and Ava (Haylie Duff), two rich, spoiled Hollywood socialite sisters who enjoy material things such as shopping and dating, rather than caring about the family cosmetics company Marchetta Cosmetics which was founded by Victor Manchetta (Philip Casnoff).
When Victor passes away and Tanzie and Ava's mother married to a prince, Marchetta Cosmetics is run by its co-founder and family friend Tommy Katzenbach (Brent Spiner).
One year later, Tanzie plans to go to college in the future and Ava is planning to announce her engagement with fiancè Mic (Brandon Beemer) to the public, despite having been engaged months ago.
When a major media scandal involving their father's night cream causing extreme skin conditions breaks out on the news, the press soon mob the girls, causing theirs and their father's reputation destroyed, forcing them to stay inside.
Soon, an accidental fire starts in their mansion.
Ava quickly grabs her engagement party dress and some miscellaneous objects.
Tanzie, on the other hand, takes her father's TiVo which had a recording of her father talking about his cosmetics on the news and doesn't grab any clothes.
They leave for a hotel and soon learn all their credit cards have been shut down, leaving the girls completely broke.
So they go and stay with their maid and close family friend Inez (María Conchita Alonso) in her small apartment and their car gets stolen by two guys (Joel Madden and Benji Madden) they mistakenly took them for valets.
The next morning, Ava and Tanzie take a bus to Ava's engagement party.
They go to Ava’s engagement party, where they see Etienne make a break for it once they see the girls arrive, realizing that their friends only liked them for their money and reputation.
Ava also finds out that Mic has dumped her, though it was done through Mic’s agent Sol (Larry Poindexter).
Tommy plans to persuade the board of directors to sell the their Marchetta Cosmetics to their biggest competitor Fabiella (Anjelica Huston) for over $60 million.
The girls however, are tempted to listen to their advisors as they all agree to sell the company to Fabiella and gives them 30 days to make the deal official.
After the company's lab technician/chemist Rick (Marcus Coloma) gets them away from the press, Ava and Tanzie decide to make their own investigation by asking legal clinic lawyer Henry (Lukas Haas).
He refuses to help them as he thinks they can help themselves for being high privileged.
Although this means that they could return to the extravagant lifestyle they were accustomed to, they decide to honor their father's memory by trying to turn it around themselves.
The girls decide to get to the root of the scandal.
When they track down the cat lady who was the source of the allegations, they learn from a neighbor that she was in fact born with a skin disease that caused her disfiguration and had just received surgery for it.
With what they have learned, the girls successfully manage to clear the Marchetta name and reclaim the company when they revealed that Tommy was behind the scandal and plotted to sell the company to Fabiella at a cheap price when she, Tommy, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, and some other people meet with them.
With help from the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Ava and Tanzie remove Tommy as the CEO.
Nearly six months after the scandal began, the girls are seen leading the company, with Ava as the new CEO and Tanzie working as a chemist with them both finding their true loves.
For Tanzie, it was Rick.
For Ava, it was Henry.
Cantankerous tycoon John Merrick (Charles Coburn) goes undercover as a shoe clerk at his own New York department store to identify agitators trying to form a union, after seeing a newspaper picture of his employees hanging him in effigy.
He befriends fellow clerk Mary Jones (Jean Arthur) and her recently fired boyfriend Joe O'Brien (Robert Cummings), a labor union organizer.
Through his firsthand experiences, he grows more sympathetic to the needs of his workers, while finding unexpected love with sweet-natured clerk Elizabeth Ellis (Spring Byington).
Angela de Marco (Michelle Pfeiffer) is the wife of mafia up-and-comer Frank "The Cucumber" de Marco (Alec Baldwin), who gets violently dispatched by Mob boss Tony "The Tiger" Russo (Dean Stockwell) when he is discovered in a compromising situation with the latter's mistress Karen (Nancy Travis).
Angela wants to escape the mafia scene with her son, but is harassed by Tony who puts the moves on her at Frank's funeral.
This clinch earns her the suspicion of FBI agents Mike Downey (Matthew Modine) and Ed Benitez (Oliver Platt), and also of Tony's wife Connie (Mercedes Ruehl), who repeatedly confronts Angela with accusations of stealing her husband.
To further complicate things, Mike Downey is assigned to monitor all of Angela's movements as part of an undercover surveillance operation, but cannot resist becoming romantically involved with Angela himself.
Angela's attempts to break away from the Mob result in comic mayhem and a climactic showdown in a honeymoon suite in Miami.
Bobby James and his friends (Phones, Hoppy, Gordo, and several others) skate to work on the Venice, California boardwalk.
Meanwhile in Beverly Hills, Terry Barkley, genius flautist is also heading towards the beach in her Excalibur Phateon car.
She also is joined by her stuck-up girlfriend Lana.
Bobby is skating on the boardwalk with a female friend when he encounters Terry.
But she remains aloof and spurns his advance.
Later they meet at a local skating rink called Jammers.
During a near catastrophic skating incident where Bobby saves the day, she gives in.
Terry wants to pay him to teach her how to skate for the Roller Disco contest.
Even though they share a flirty, romantic couples skate, later on she rebuffs him yet again.
The next day has both Terry and Bobby getting flack from their respected friends and family.
She has had enough and goes to the beach.
She finds Bobby there, practicing a jump and turns on the charm.
He shares with her his dream to become an Olympic Roller Skater.
They end up making out on the beach.
Bobby asks her if she's going to pay him for sex as well, which garners a mighty slap in return and she takes off.
Terry goes home and has a row with her mother.
She wants to give up her dreams of playing Classical Flute at Juilliard School and win a roller disco contest at the beach.
Her mom is shocked, enough so she needs a Valium.
Terry decided to run away.
The next morning, she calls and invites Bobby to breakfast where she apologizes.
He wants to skate with her, but on his terms: no money; he calls the shots.
Through a series of outdoor scenes we see them work together to form a routine.
Unfortunately, Jammers is about to be sold to a ruthless mob developer.
Bobby and Terry are clued into this plot and try to get her father, a lawyer, to help.
But he refuses.
While Terry is performing at a lush outdoor party, some of the young men sneak up, causing chaos.
As a result, a group of distinguished guests falls into the swimming pool.
This ruins the concert, as well as the party and its ceremonial cake.
Terry gets reprimanded and punched by her father for her running away, as well as for hanging out with her radical friends.
The skaters find evidence, in the form of a cassette tape recording of the invalid ordeal, to kill the deal.
Through a wild chase on the streets near the canal zone of Venice, they race to get it to the cops on time.
They do, the mobsters are hauled off and the Boogie Contest is on.
Terry and Bobby skate their routine and win.
Later on, back at the beach Terry and Bobby share a sad goodbye.
Both promise to write each other as she heads off to New York City and he to the Olympics.
Set in London in 1938, the film focuses on highly successful and extremely popular theatre actress Julia Lambert (Annette Bening), whose gradual disillusionment with her career as she approaches middle age has prompted her to ask her husband, stage director Michael Gosselyn (Jeremy Irons), and his financial backer Dolly de Vries (Miriam Margolyes) to close her current production to allow her time to travel abroad.
They persuade her to remain with the play throughout the summer; and Michael introduces her to Tom Fennel (Shaun Evans), an enterprising American, who confesses his deep appreciation of her work.
Seeking the passion missing from her marriage, and anxious to fill the void left when her close friend Lord Charles (Bruce Greenwood) suggested they part ways to avoid scandalous gossip, Julia embarks on a passionate affair with the young man and begins to support him so he may enjoy the glamorous lifestyle to which she has introduced him.
Their relationship revives her, sparking a distinct change in her personality.
Always hovering in the background and offering counsel is the spirit of her mentor, Jimmie Langton (Michael Gambon), the theatrical manager who gave Julia her start and made her a star, while flesh-and-blood Evie (Juliet Stevenson) serves as her personal maid, dresser, and confidante.
Michael suggests they invite Tom to spend time at their country estate, where he can become better acquainted with their son Roger (Tom Sturridge).
At a party there, Tom meets aspiring actress Avice Crichton (Lucy Punch), and, when Julia sees him flirting with the pretty young woman, she becomes jealous and anxious and angrily confronts him.
He slowly reveals himself to be a callous, social-climbing, gold-digging gigolo, and Julia is shattered when their affair comes to an end.
Avice, now romantically involved with Tom, asks him to bring Julia to see her perform in a play in the hope the actress will induce her husband to cast her in a supporting role in Julia's upcoming project.
The play is dreadful, and Avice is not much better.
Backstage, Julia compliments her even-worse co-star and barely acknowledges Avice, although she promises to tell Michael about her.
Afterwards, she forces Tom to admit he loves Avice, then - although her heart is broken by his admission - she assures him she will insist the ingenue be cast in her next play.
When Julia's performance in her current play begins to suffer from her personal discontent, Michael closes the production; and Julia visits her mother (Rosemary Harris) and her Aunt Carrie (Rita Tushingham) in Jersey, where Lord Charles comes to visit her.
Julia suggests a romantic tryst, and he gently tells her that he's gay.
Meanwhile, back in London, Avice auditions for Michael; and, although Julia resents it, she is given the role.
Julia returns home to begin rehearsals for the new play.
Shortly after, she learns from her son that Avice has been one of Michael's casual trysts.
Still, she is uncharacteristically solicitous toward the girl, making suggestions that place her in the spotlight and insisting her own wardrobe be drab to allow Avice to shine.
What her director and fellow cast members don't realize is there's a method to her seeming madness - Julia has planned her sweet revenge for the opening night performance, during which she successfully affirms her position as London theatre's foremost diva by upstaging every aspect of her performance.
In 1958, Katey Miller (Romola Garai), her parents (Sela Ward and John Slattery), and her younger sister Susie (Mika Boorem) arrive in Cuba during the Cuban revolution.
A self-described bookworm, Katey is not very happy about having to move to a different country during her senior year of high school, as she had been planning to attend Radcliffe College, although the rest of her family seem extremely pleased to be in Cuba.
Meeting several other rich American teenagers down by the pool - including James Phelps (Jonathan Jackson), the son of her father's boss -, Katey becomes disgusted when one of the teenagers insults a local waiter when he accidentally knocks over some of their drinks.
Katey attempts to talk to the waiter—Javier (Diego Luna), who works at the hotel to support his family—because she feels awful about what had occurred, but he is not interested.
Katey watches a film of her mother and father dancing and wishes she could dance as well as they did.
She and her father dance a bit.
The next day in class, Katey is asked to read aloud from The Odyssey - a passage about love and passion.
After class, James invites her to a party at the country club the next day and she accepts.
While walking home from school, she sees Javier dancing at a street party, and he offers to walk her home.
They stop to listen to a street band and police show up, stopping Javier while Katey runs away.
The next day, Katey tries some of the dance moves she saw.
Javier sees her and asks her to come see the real dancers Saturday night, but she says she is already going to the country club.
Javier gets upset and leaves.
Katey wears one of her maid's dresses to the country club party and impresses James.
Katey convinces him to take her to the Cuban club where Javier is dancing with the ladies.
Javier dances with Katey while James sits at the bar.
Soon he is accosted by Javier's brother, Carlos, who tells him that they will eventually kick the Americans out of Cuba.
Javier comes over and argues with his brother.
James takes Katey back to the car and assaults her after she refuses to kiss him.
She slaps him and runs into the club, and Javier agrees to walk her home.
The next day, Katey walks by a dance class.
The teacher (Patrick Swayze) asks if anyone wants to enter the big dance contest and then dances with Katey for a bit.
She grabs a flyer for the competition.
While walking to the pool, James apologizes to Katey and then tells her that Susie saw Javier with her and got him fired.
Katey argues with Susie and goes to find Javier.
He is now working at a chop shop with Carlos.
She asks him to enter the dance contest with her, but he refuses.
Meanwhile, it is becoming apparent that Carlos is helping the revolutionaries.
The next day, Javier shows up at Katey's school and agrees to enter the dance contest with her.
They start teaching each other dance moves and Javier convinces her to "feel the music".
They practice all the time, and Katey dances some more with the dance teacher, until it is the night of the dance.
Katey and Javier dance with the other couples on the floor and are chosen to go on to the next round.
Katey's parents disapprove of her relationship with Javier, but Katey reconciles with them.
On the night of the contest's final round, while Katey and Javier are on the dance floor, Javier sees his brother and some revolutionaries disguised as waiters, and the police soon try to arrest them.
The contest stops as everyone flees the club, and Javier has to save Carlos from the police.
Javier and Carlos talk about how they miss their dad, then they hear that Batista has fled the country and join the celebration.
Later, Javier comes to the hotel and finds Katey.
He takes her to the beach and they make love.
The next day, Katey's parents tell her they are leaving Cuba and she has one last night with Javier.
They go to the Cuban club where they first danced, and the floor is theirs.
Katey's family is there to see her, and Katey narrates that she doesn't know when she will see Javier again, but this will not be their last time to dance together.
Darren Silverman, Wayne LeFessier, andD.
McNugent, best friends since fifth grade and Neil Diamond fans throughout, form a Neil Diamond tribute band called "Diamonds in the Rough".
Darren meets a beautiful but domineering psychologist who is showing signs of being emotionally abusive, Judith Fessbeggler, through a chance encounter in a local bar after a band gig.
Unfortunately, six weeks into their relationship, Judith is still making Darren watch her change clothes, and though sleeping together is satisfying for her, Darren gets nothing but a sore jaw.
Judith isolates Darren from his friends, demands that Darren quit the band, receive humiliating medical procedures, and attend relationship counseling under her care.
Wayne andD.
decide to save Darren from her by attempting to bribe her, arm wrestle her, and shock her with faked photographs of Darren cheating, all to no avail.
The friends, undaunted, try to reunite Darren with his "one and only", Sandy Perkus, when she returns to Seattle to take her final vows as a nun.
When Darren and Judith announce their engagement, Wayne andD.
kidnap Judith.
However, Judith eventually discovers the identity of her captors, and the duo are convinced they cannot let her go.
When they visit Coach Norton in jail (who accidentally killed a referee in a fit of rage) his advice is that they should just kill her.
The duo attempt to shoot Judith, but end up deciding against it.
Sandy's feelings for Darren are reawakened, but the pair's attempted date is ruined by Darren's preoccupation with Judith.
Sandy, disheartened, returns to the convent, but Darren snaps out of it and runs the 30 miles there to win her back.
Chained to an engine block in Wayne's garage, Judith convincesD.
he is gay.
She knocks him unconscious to steal his keys and escape, only to be tranquilized with a dart gun by Wayne.
Returned to the garage, Judith seduces Wayne into releasing one of her hands, so she escapes again.
She runs to Darren's house in time to see him kiss Sandy, but shames him into confessing his engagement to Judith.
Sandy, disheartened, returns to the convent again.
Darren has Wayne andD.
arrested.
After escaping from jail with the help of Coach Norton,D.
and Wayne rush to the convent on the brink of Sandy's final vows as a nun.
They convince her that Darren still loves her.
They then kidnap Neil Diamond to help Darren and Sandy reunite.
At the wedding, Neil stalls the proceedings with the song "Hello Again" while Darren and Sandy reunite, Wayne and Judith (the latter being furious that her wedding is ruined) beat each other up (as love play) andD.
arrives holding Coach in his arms, who coincidentally reveals toD.
that he too is gay.
The couples then wed on stage at Neil Diamond's concert; Darren to Sandy, Wayne to Judith, andD.
to Coach.
As the film closes, the entire cast sings "Holly Holy".
Donna Jensen is a girl from a small town in Nevada who wishes to see the world in order to get away from her unhappy life of living in a trailer with her alcoholic mother, a former Las Vegas showgirl, and her abusive, alcoholic stepfather, where she feels miserable and lonely.
After graduating from high school, Donna tries to make ends meet by working as a clerk in a Big Lots.
After her boyfriend, Tommy, leaves her for another girl, she goes to a bar where she sees a talk show segment about Sally Weston, who has written a memoir called My Life in the Sky, and decides to follow her destiny by becoming a flight attendant.
Her first position is at a small, seedy California commuter airline called Sierra, where she works with Sherry, a senior attendant, and also gets an intern herself, named Christine.
After working for several months, this success builds up her confidence and encourages her to attend open interviews for Royalty Airlines.
She convinces Sherry and Christine to join her at Royalty Airlines.
While Christine and Donna get in, Sherry does not, and remains in Sierra Airlines.
After getting the job, Donna puts her heart and soul into the training camp, and, after meeting Weston, she is determined to be assigned to the top route, "Paris, First Class, International".
Alas, when the assignments are posted, Donna is shocked and disappointed to discover that, instead of the top route, she has been assigned to a commuter route in Cleveland.
Christine, who had initially struggled with the material and procedures, has inexplicably been assigned the high-priority New York City route, much to the dismay of Donna.
A few months later, by chance, Donna runs into Christine in Cleveland.
Donna knows from previous experience that Christine has the airplane soap from Sally's house during their training sessions, but is still shocked when Christine empties her handbag to reveal all manner of Royalty Air items.
Even the smallest theft is strictly prohibited by Royalty Airlines, and could mean termination.
Still sure there was some sort of error in her route assignment, Donna turns to Weston for help.
Through a course of events, Donna discovers that Christine had switched their test booklets when they were being handed up to their trainer.
With that, Donna realizes that Christine has cheated her way to the top route, wanting success herself but knowing that Donna would pass better.
When Sally asks to have airline security spy on Christine's flight - to see if she stole any property (a code blue) - Christine gets caught and is fired.
Donna gets the chance to re-take her exam and achieves a perfect score, resulting in being assigned a Paris, First Class, International route.
However, following her "destiny" means deciding between a boyfriend, Ted, and her career.
She chooses the latter.
Though she gets all that she wants - Paris, first class, etc.
- Donna realizes that she is still unhappy.
She misses Ted terribly, and with Weston's encouragement, she returns to Cleveland to meet him.
She does, and after a heartfelt speech to his deaf grandmother, which he overhears, the two reconcile.
The film ends with Donna wishing her passengers well as they land in Cleveland, now moving her position from a flight attendant to a pilot.
Halley Marie Martin (Mandy Moore) is a 17-year-old high school student who is disillusioned with love after seeing many dysfunctional relationships around her.
Her parents are now divorced and her father, Len Martin (Peter Gallagher), a radio talk show host, has a new young girlfriend that the entire family despises.
Her mother, Lydia (Allison Janney), is now always alone while her sister, Ashley, is so overwhelmed by her upcoming wedding with Lewis Warsher that she barely exists in the house.
The shallowness of all the teens at her school convinces Halley that finding true love is impossible.
When Halley walks in on her best friend Scarlett having sex with her boyfriend, the high school soccer champ, Michael Sherwood, Halley tries to warn her of the complications that lie ahead.
Ignoring her advice, Scarlett embarks on a summer fling with Michael.
In the meantime, Halley must deal with Ashley and the rest of the Martins must deal with her soon-to-be in-laws, Lewis' overbearing Southern parents, who have an African American maid.
In the meantime, Halley runs into classmate Macon Forrester, a slacker who never shows up for biology and is more interested in having fun than school work.
He is Michael Sherwood's best friend.
Then a few weeks later, Michael dies of a heart defect on the soccer field while Halley, Scarlett and other classmates watch helplessly.
This event changes the lives of Halley and Scarlett forever.
While Scarlett does her best to look beautiful for Michael at his funeral, Macon gives a moving speech about his friend.
Struggling with Michael's death, Scarlett, at age sixteen, soon learns that she is pregnant with his child.
With Halley at her side, Scarlett reveals the pregnancy to her mother.
Halley's father, Len Martin, marries his mistress, Lorna, in a beach-side ceremony, with guests from all over the world, or "within his radio frequency", as Halley puts it.
Halley and Macon eventually start a relationship.
He takes her to his and Michael's favorite hangout and once come close to having sex.
Halley and her mother get into an argument and on New Year's Eve, Halley sneaks out with Macon to a party.
Again, they come very close to having sex but this time Halley stops it and Macon is upset.
On their way home, they are both upset and distracted and hit a tree.
Halley gets a broken arm, but otherwise they both walk away from it unharmed, but Halley breaks up with Macon saying that she can't wait around for him to grow up.
Later things go awry when Halley finds Ashley drunk on the family's front porch.
Finding a male stripper's thong around her neck, Halley witnesses the break-up of her sister's engagement.
She also learns that her mother sneaks out once a week to have sex with a man she met a couple of weeks previously, Steve.
After another make-up, Lewis proposes to Ashley again, this time at a crowded airport: she says yes.
On the day of Ashley and Lewis' wedding, Macon bursts into Len's radio studio, professing his apologies and love to Halley.
He then heads to the wedding.
On the way, he finds Scarlett, who insisted on walking to the wedding, going into labor on the side of the road.
He puts her in the car and walks into the wedding, getting Halley's attention.
The three rush to the hospital, leaving Scarlett's mother behind in the rush.
While Scarlett is having her baby, Halley makes a list of all the little things she hates about Macon, the way his hair falls over his face, the way his voice gets low when he's serious, the way he bites his lip when he's nervous and the way his eyebrow twitches.
Halley playfully uses Macon's 'Jedi Mind Trick' and they kiss and dance briefly in the hallway.
The movie ends as Halley and Macon embrace and viewers see that Scarlett gave birth to a baby boy.
John Beckwith (Owen Wilson) and Jeremy Grey (Vince Vaughn) are divorce mediators in WashingtonC.
who "crash" wedding parties to meet and bed women.
At the end of a season of successful crashes, Jeremy takes John to a wedding for the daughter of theS.
Secretary of the Treasury, William Cleary (Christopher Walken).
Once inside, the pair set their sights on Cleary's other daughters, Gloria (Isla Fisher) and Claire (Rachel McAdams).
Jeremy ends up having sex with Gloria on a nearby beach during the reception.
Gloria is possessive and quickly becomes obsessed with Jeremy, and Jeremy urges John to escape the reception with him.
Meanwhile, John attempts to court Claire, the maid of honor, but is interrupted by her hotheaded boyfriend, Sack Lodge (Bradley Cooper), who is unfaithful and disrespectful behind her back.
When Gloria invites Jeremy and John to an extended weekend party at their family compound, John overrules Jeremy to accept and get closer to Claire.
John and Jeremy become acquainted with the Clearys at their home: the Secretary's wife (Jane Seymour) sexually harasses John; Gloria's brother Todd (Keir O'Donnell) tries to seduce Jeremy during the night; Gloria continues to lavish unwanted sexual attention on Jeremy; and Sack repeatedly injures Jeremy during a game of touch football.
At dinner, John spikes Sack's wine with eye-drops to make him sick and get more time to connect with Claire.
John and Claire continue to bond the next day on a sailing trip.
The suspicious Sack takes the men on a hunting trip, where Jeremy is shot in the buttocks.
While he recovers, John and Claire go on a bike ride to a secluded beach.
Claire finally admits she isn't sure how she feels about Sack and ends up kissing John passionately.
Meanwhile, Gloria tends to Jeremy's wounds and reveals to him that she is not as innocent or inexperienced as she initially let on.
Jeremy realizes that he himself has been played and that he may be in love with Gloria.
Ready to confess everything to Claire to convince her not to marry Sack, John is interrupted by Jeremy being chased out of the house: Sack has investigated and revealed John and Jeremy's identities to the family.
Betrayed, Claire turns away from John and the Secretary tells them to leave.
Over the following months, John attempts to reach Claire but she refuses to see him.
He attempts to crash Claire and Sack's engagement party but is caught and beaten by Sack.
Confronting Jeremy about abandoning him, he learns that Jeremy has secretly continued his relationship with Gloria.
Betrayed, John spirals into depression, crashing weddings alone and becoming nihilistic and suicidal.
Meanwhile, as Claire and Sack plan their wedding, Claire's doubts grow.
Jeremy proposes to Gloria and tries to ask John to be his best man, but a depressed John refuses.
John visits Jeremy's former wedding crashing mentor, Chazz Reinhold (an uncredited Will Ferrell), who convinces him to crash a funeral.
While there, he reconsiders his belief in love and marriage and rushes to Jeremy's wedding.
John joins the wedding mid-ceremony to Jeremy's delight, but Claire is upset by his appearance, prompting John to profess his love to her and his regret for his past behavior in front of the congregation.
Sack interrupts, but Claire finally tells him that she can't marry him.
Sack tries to attack John, but Jeremy intervenes to knock him out, and John and Claire kiss.
After the wedding, the two couples drive away from the ceremony together, discussing crashing another wedding together.
Samuel is a psychoanalyst.
All day long, he sees patients who express grievances, particularly rebellious teenagers who despise their parents.
This has led him to have a dim view of the idea of becoming a parent.
That's when his girlfriend, Mathilde, tells him she is pregnant.
Terrified of having a child and being a parent, Samuel sees Mathilde's pregnancy as a nightmare.
The advice of Samuel's friend, Marc, a womanizer and a bachelor, does not help Mathilde's anxiety.
On the other hand, Dominique, Marc's sister, and her husband, Georges, already have three daughters, and when they learn Dominique is pregnant for the fourth time, they take it in stride.
The two couples experience the ups and downs of pregnancy and along the way, build strong knots of friendship.
Ed and Alice are in love, but not passionate, ripping-clothes-off in love.
They do laundry on Saturday, and do small things that make each other happy.
At their engagement party, Alice sees a friend hook up with a server and comes to the conclusion that she would like to try more sexual partners before she settles down for the rest of her life.
Ed, initially resistant to the idea of seeing other people, decides to go along with it.
Alice takes the lead by making out with a friend's contractor, Donald.
When she tells Ed, he is shocked, but incredibly turned on.
They have some of the best sex they have had in years.
Ed attempts to have sex with an actress at work, but cannot perform.
Alice finally psyches herself up to having sex with Donald at his house.
She leaves satisfied but hurriedly, while Donald clearly has fallen for her.
That night, Alice tells Ed that she had sex with Donald.
Ed never thought she would actually go that far.
Upset, he leaves.
He tries to hook up with different girls at a house party with his friend Carl, but none of his attempts goes well.
He returns home to find Alice trying to call off the whole deal.
Ed tells her that she is right and that he overreacted, but he says that they should continue the deal until she is completely satisfied so they have no regrets.
The next day, Ed succeeds in having sex with the actress.
When he tells Alice, he expects her to be jealous, but instead she is turned on.
They again have sex and believe things to be going well.
Having sex outside their relationship is improving their sex life.
Carl observes a woman (Penelope) in a stereo store who is being pressured by an overzealous sales clerk.
He helps install a new system for Penelope and her son Jake.
Jake is angry at his mother because of her recent divorce.
Ed has a date at a restaurant and turns out to be seated next to Alice and Donald; it is uncomfortable.
Later, waiting for their cars, Ed and Alice talk.
Ed is upset that Alice is seeing Donald, and she is upset that Ed has slept with so many women.
Ed says they are supposed to be sleeping with other people, but she is just sleeping with one, as if it is a relationship.
She says it is hard to sleep with other people with him living in the house.
Ed agrees to move out.
Alice is growing tired of Donald because he is needy.
Ed is getting tired of meaningless sex.
He eventually starts dating a woman named Sandy and grows to like her more and more.
Breaking it off with Donald after finding out that he dates other women, Alice tries to get back with Ed.
Ed, however, has feelings for Sandy at this point, but she is not quite what she seems.
After a failed three-way in which the third girl straps on a dildo, Sandy suggests they try crack cocaine.
In a self-destructive impulse, Alice tries to sleep with her sister's husband Peter.
Her sister is having an affair with Ed's friend Lou.
She shows up and all is revealed.
Alice misses how comfortable and happy she used to be.
Ed ends up stranded when Sandy runs off with his car after stealing a bag of crack.
He walks all night and arrives at Alice's house just as everyone else is leaving.
He pulls out a book of stamps that he bought weeks ago because he knew it to be one of the small things she loves.
They sit side by side, not entirely sure where they go from here.
After leaving a party at a women's dormitory (aka the "virgin vault"), Matthew (Jonathan Tucker) is trapped in an elevator with an unknown, and unseen, woman when the power goes out.
Matthew and this unknown woman have sex in the dark.
When Matthew wakes up in the morning—still in the elevator—he finds himself alone with a pair of her panties.
On a mission to find his mystery maiden by finding a matching bra for the panties, Matthew becomes the maintenance man of the virgin vault.
After releasing mice, he goes room to room, setting traps.
He convinces the panicked women to leave their rooms and then starts to look for a match.
When he is unsuccessful, he continues to break things (such as the air conditioning) in an effort to find his woman.
He also fixes the television set, which is greatly received by women he refers to as "Jane-ites", as they have a great interest in films adapted from books by Jane Austen.
He doesn't get much help from his roommate Rod (James DeBello), who keeps telling him to give up, and together they philosophize about men and women.
Rod tells him that he doesn't need a girlfriend and that it's futile to try to find the "bra matching the panties", and Matthew accuses him of being too macho.
Rod introduces Matthew to the "penile power", which involves the use of weights attached to his penis as a means of increasing the organ's size.
He does this and insults women to make himself feel better about the problem he has with his manhood; he suffers from hypospadias.
Early on, Matthew watches as a woman named Patty (Emmanuelle Chriqui) and her boyfriend Crick (Johnny Green) fight.
Crick is the epitome of the macho man stereotype, with his big pectorals, conceited attitude, and abusiveness.
He wears a ponytail, a manicured goatee, "male make-up", and chews nicotine gum, much to Matthew's dismay.
Matthew tries to save Patty, but is hurt by Crick.
Crick leaves, and Patty tries to help Matthew, but Matthew can't help but think of Patty's reputation as a "slut".
While searching one room, Matthew finds himself trapped in the bathroom when the occupant returns.
Matthew is attacked by Wendy (Larisa Oleynik), until she recognizes him as a high school classmate.
Wendy decides to help Matthew in his quest to find his mystery maiden, hoping that, in the process, she may find one of her own, as she is a closeted lesbian.
Matthew is nervous about talking to girls.
Arlene (Katherine Heigl) and his teacher ms Stern (Aimee Graham) disparage Matthew, asserting that women are more dominant than men are.
Arlene beats him at foosball.
ms Stern asserts that women, rather than men, should be in command.
Rod tells Matthew that he's a chicken and should just give up on girls, while Matthew tells him that he has never been able to speak to girls, especially Cynthia (Jaime Pressly).
Matthew puts an advertisement in the school newspaper asking the girl he's seeking to meet him in the basement on a Thursday night.
He sits in the dark every Thursday night, waiting for her to show up.
The door opens one night, and he thinks it's her, but it's Wendy, coming to check up on him.
Finally, the mystery maiden does show up, only to tell him to stop looking for her.
Despite the approach of the end of the semester, Matthew isn't deterred.
He disguises himself in drag, as Francesca, as a means to continue his search.
In drag, he is actually able to talk to Cynthia one on one which, (until she is injured later on), he is not able to do because he is intimidated by her good looks.
Rod flirts with Francesca and later brags to Matthew that he had sex with Francesca.
This makes Matthew so angry that he adds another weight onto Rod's "penile power" device, hurting him.
Crick makes a pass at Matthew in drag while he fights with Patty.
Matthew bites off part of Crick's tongue.
As a result, Crick is unable to speak without lisping.
Desperation sets in, so Matthew appeals to his mystery maiden by proclaiming his love for her to the whole dormitory.
He finally determines his mystery maiden is Patty.
She initially rejects him because she thought that he would see her only as a slut.
Crick sees that Matthew wants Patty, but Matthew has him arrested for sexually assaulting him (when he was dressed as Francesca).
Matthew introduces Rod and Dora, and Arlene and Wendy hook up.
Cynthia shows off her newly found martial art abilities, and ms Stern learns a valuable lesson on gender equality, as Matthew stands up to her in front of the class, to an ovation.
Finally, Matthew proclaims his passionate love to Patty, who sees his loving eyes, and they kiss.
Nick "The Zone" Falzone (John Cusack) and his fellow air traffic controllers at New York TRACON pride themselves on their ability to handle the intense stress of being a controller for one of the busiest airspaces in the country, even boasting of the 50% drop-out rate for new additions to the staff who are unable to cope with the pressure.
The group is joined by the quiet and confident Russell Bell (Billy Bob Thornton), a veteran of TRACONs in the Western United States.
Russell quickly proves to be exceptionally capable of handling the increased workload by using unorthodox and risky methods.
Nick feels challenged by the new controller's ability to out-perform him at seemingly every task and warns his supervisor that Bell is a loose cannon, especially after discovering that Russell once stood on a runway to allow himself to be violently propelled by a landing commercial airliner's jetwash.
At a supermarket, Nick encounters Russell's despondent young wife Mary (Angelina Jolie), who is sobbing over a grocery cart full of alcohol.
In consoling her, Nick ends up back at the Bells' house, where he and Mary both cheat on their respective spouses by having sex.
Several days later, Mary informs Nick that she immediately told Russell about the affair, and that the confession has actually improved their marriage.
Fearing retaliation, Nick confronts Russell at work, and is confused and surprised by Russell's even-tempered response to the situation.
Meanwhile, Nick's wife, Connie (Cate Blanchett), seems to become more and more intrigued by Russell, and Nick becomes increasingly paranoid that Russell will eventually seek revenge by having sex with her.
While out of town for his father-in-law's funeral, Nick can't bring himself to lie when a grieving Connie challenges him to say that he has never cheated on her.
As their flight home approaches New York, Connie tells Nick that she has indeed slept with Russell.
The plane then makes an odd turn, and Nick assumes that Russell is harassing him, or possibly going insane, by purposely directing the plane into a dangerous storm.
Soon after going to TRACON to confront Russell, a bomb threat is called in to the facility.
The building is evacuated as both Nick and Russell volunteer to stay behind to handle the daunting task of landing all the planes on approach in their airspace before the alleged bomb is set to go off in 26 minutes.
Successfully routing all but one plane that has lost radio contact, Nick leaves the building as the deadline approaches, while Russell instead remains inside to make contact with the plane by calling one of its passengers via Airfone.
Russell is lauded as a hero for making the effort despite the threat, which turned out to be a hoax.
Russell abruptly quits and he and Mary move to Colorado.
Connie leaves Nick, and his performance at work suffers; the once cocky, boastful controller is sent home after being responsible for two deals (near mid-air collisions) in one shift.
After learning that Russell had ordered the diversion of Nick's flight not to provoke him, but to clear a path to make a plane with a medical emergency on board next in line for a landing, Nick impulsively drives out to Colorado to make amends with Russell.
Nick seeks his advice on how to get his personal life back in order, but Russell is unable to make Nick understand with words.
He instead brings Nick to a runway so that he too can experience being caught in a landing aircraft's turbulence.
The two engage in the stunt together, and it has a profound effect on Nick, who thanks Russell.
He returns to New York, where he regains his form at work, and reconciles with Connie.
In the San Francisco of the 1970s, Don Baker (Edward Albert), who was born blind, has lived all his life with his mother (Eileen Heckart).
Don moves out into an apartment on his own, but Don finds himself all alone.
He has made a contract that his mother will not come to see him for at least two months.
One month has passed.
This is when Jill Tanner (Goldie Hawn) moves into an apartment next door to Don.
She listens to Don talking to his mother over the phone and turns on the radio.
When Don asks her to turn the volume down, she invites herself over for a cup of coffee.
They start talking and find each other friendly.
Jill does not realize that Don is blind until she sees him dropping his cigarette ash on the table.
Jill has never met a blind man before, so she asks all sorts of questions about how Don manages everyday chores.
She tells Don that her favorite quote is: "I only ask to be free.
The butterflies are free.
Mankind will surely not deny to Harold Skimpole what it concedes to the butterflies".
(From Dickens' "Bleak House").
Don makes up a song and starts to sing "Butterflies are free" on his guitar.
Surprising Don with a visit, mrs Baker sees that Don has attached himself to Jill.
She fears that Jill will break Don's heart.
She takes Jill out for a lunch and tries to talk her out of Don's life.
Jill has strong feelings for Don and tells mrs Baker that if there is someone who should get out of Don's life, it is she.
Lisa Kelly manages an isolated BDSM resort called The Club that offers its high-end clients an exclusive setting in which they can experience the life of a Master or Mistress.
Prospective submissive slaves, paid at the end of their term at Eden (which varies from six months to two years), are presented at auctions by the most respected Trainers from across the world.
As Head Female Trainer and co-founder Lisa gets first pick of the new slaves, and chooses Elliot Slater — with whom she shares an immediate and undeniable chemistry that intensifies throughout their time together, eventually resulting in love.
Four socialites unexpectedly clash: heiress Brooke Carter runs into the Italian gambler Johnny Spanish at the race track while playboy Michael Pritchard nearly runs into stage star Kitty O'Kelly with his car.
Backstage at Kitty's show, it turns out she and Brooke are old friends who attended public school together.
The foursome do the town, accompanied by Brooke's companion Elizabeth, who throws herself at Michael's butler and chauffeur Rodney James.
The four friends change partners at a party, where Brooke and Michael step outside behind Kitty and Johnny.
In an effort to make the others jealous, Kitty, Johnny, Brooke, Michael, Elizabeth and Rodney begin their romance.
Detective John Russo (Ben Gazzara) attempts to cheat on his girlfriend, country singer Christy Miller (Colleen Camp), with a blonde taxi driver he calls Sam (Patti Hansen), with the connivance of his colleague Arthur Brodsky (Blaine Novak).
Russo has met the taxi driver en route from a meeting at which he was assigned to follow Angela Niotes (Audrey Hepburn), wife of a European tycoon.
Detective Charles Rutledge (John Ritter) falls in love with Dolores Martin (Dorothy Stratten), whose husband has also hired him to spy on her.
Charles is cautioned against this infatuation by his buddy Arthur.
Feeling slighted by Russo's infidelity, Christy throws herself at Charles, but she ultimately falls in love with Dolores's extramarital paramour Jose (played by Sean Ferrer, who is Audrey Hepburn's son in real life).
Russo's pursuit of Angela leads him to fall in love with her.
He is grief-stricken when her husband and she return to Europe, but the two women have arranged that Sam will take her place and nurse his broken heart.
Dolores does fall for Charles and they plan to marry when her divorce is final, the only happy ending.
Notorious womanizer Michael James (Peter O'Toole) wants to be faithful to his fiancée Carole Werner (Romy Schneider), but every woman he meets seems to fall in love with him, including neurotic exotic dancer Liz Bien (Paula Prentiss) and parachutist Rita (Ursula Andress) who accidentally lands in his car.
His psychoanalyst, dr Fritz Fassbender (Peter Sellers), cannot help, since he's stalking patient Renée Lefebvre (Capucine) who in turn longs for Michael.
Carole, meanwhile, decides to make Michael jealous by flirting with his nervous wreck of a friend, Victor Shakapopulis (Woody Allen).
A catastrophe appears on the horizon when all the characters check into a quaint hideaway hotel in the French countryside for the weekend, unaware of each other's presence.
Michael tries to fend off Renee's advances by steering Fassbender her way, but Fassbender's wife Anna is determined to keep him to herself.
By the time Michael finally is able to meet Carole's parents and agree to settle down, he and Fassbender both catch the eye of yet another young woman, creating the distinct possibility of the whole thing happening all over again.
Fed up with her dead-end job with a Minneapolis car rental agency, Martha quits, cashes her final paycheck, and uses the money to purchase an airline ticket to the least expensive international destination she can find - London.
At the airport, she meets Daniel, a successful music label executive, who covertly arranges for her to be upgraded to First Class and seated next to him on the flight.
When she sells the ticket to another passenger and Daniel finds his seatmate is an obnoxiously loud woman instead of the girl of his dreams, he moves back to the Economy section and takes the vacant seat next to Martha.
Before landing in London, he offers her the use of a deluxe suite in a luxury hotel at his company's expense in exchange for a lunch date the following day.
Through a series of flashbacks and flashforwards, we learn Laurence, a former bridge champion who now teaches the game to wealthy women, went to the airport to pick up Daniel but missed him because the flight landed early.
Instead, he literally runs into Martha, who hits him with a luggage cart while searching for the exit.
She coerces him into taking her into the city and invites him to the suite for dinner.
While she is in the bathroom, a bouquet of flowers from Daniel is delivered to the suite, and when Laurence sees the attached card, he departs without explanation.
The following day, Martha meets struggling actor Frank, who has fled an audition in a panic and has gone to the park to console himself with a half-bottle of whiskey.
Having heard about her from Daniel, he realizes who she is and calls Laurence to boast that he is about to make her his conquest.
He takes her to a nearby art gallery.
Martha slips away and heads for the exit, where she reunites with Laurence, who was looking for the pair.
He invites her back to his flat and she accepts.
Torn between loyalty to Daniel and love for Martha, Laurence seeks advice from Pederson, a neighbour he mistakenly believes is a psychiatrist, in the early morning hours.
In the interim, Martha awakens and seeing a photograph of the three friends, assumes she has been the target of an elaborate practical joke.
To get even, she separately invites each of the men to meet her for breakfast and when all three arrive, bearing floral arrangements of varying size, a brawl ensues.
Laurence sees Martha running off in the distance but is unable to catch her.
Despondent, he goes to a travel agency to purchase a ticket anywhere he can go for £99, which proves to be Reykjavík.
At the airport gate, he is told he is being seated in First Class and when he boards the plane, he finds Martha waiting for him.
She reveals she was responsible for the upgrade, a trick she learned from Daniel.
Omar Ali is a young man living in Battersea in the Wandsworth area of South London, right by the railway station during the mid-1980s.
His father, Hussein (known to the rest of the family as Papa), once a famous left-wing British Pakistani journalist in Bombay, lives in London but hates Britain's society and its international politics.
His dissatisfaction with the world and a family tragedy have led him to sink into alcoholism, so that Omar has to be his caregiver.
By contrast, Omar's paternal uncle Nasser is a successful entrepreneur and an active member of the London Pakistani community.
Papa asks Nasser to give Omar a job and, after working for a brief time as a car washer in one of his uncle's garages, he is assigned the task of managing a run-down laundrette and turning it into a profitable business.
At Nasser's, Omar meets a few other members of the Pakistani community: Tania, Nasser's daughter and possibly a future bride; and Salim, who trafficks drugs and hires him to deliver them from the airport.
While driving Salim and his wife home that night, the three of them get attacked by a group of right-wing extremist street punks.
Their apparent leader turns out to be Johnny, Omar's childhood friend.
Omar tries to reestablish their past friendship, offering Johnny a job and the opportunity to adopt a better life by working to fix up the laundrette with him.
Johnny decides to help with the laundrette and they resume a romantic relationship that (it is implied) had been interrupted after school.
Running out of money, Omar and Johnny sell one of Salim's drug deliveries to make cash for the laundrette's substantial renovation.
On the opening day of the laundrette, Omar confronts Johnny on his fascist past.
Johnny, feeling guilty, tells him that though he cannot make it up to him, he is with him now.
Nasser visits the laundrette with his mistress, Rachel.
As they dance together in the laundrette, Omar and Johnny make love in the back room, narrowly escaping discovery.
At the inauguration, Tania confronts Rachel about having an affair with her father.
Rachel accuses Nasser of having invited Tania on purpose to have her insulted, and storms off despite his protests.
Later that night, a drunk Omar proposes to Tania, who accepts on the condition that he raise money to get away.
Soon after, Salim reveals to Omar that he is on to them, and demands his money back.
Omar's father stops by late in the night and appeals to Johnny to persuade Omar to go to college because he is unhappy with his son running a laundrette.
Offering Salim a chance to invest in his businesses as a much needed 'clean outlet' for his money, Omar decides to take over two laundrettes owned by a friend of Nasser.
Salim drives Johnny and Omar to view one of the properties, and he expresses his dislike of the British non-working punks in Johnny's gang.
He attempts to run them over and injures one of them.
Meanwhile, Rachel falls ill with a skin rash apparently caused by a ritual curse from Nasser's wife, and decides it is best for all that she and Nasser part ways.
The next day Tania drops by the laundrette and tells Johnny she is leaving, asking him to come along.
He refuses, implicitly revealing the truth about himself and Omar and she departs wordlessly.
After Salim arrives and enters the laundrette, the punks, who had been lying in wait, trash his car.
When he runs out on noticing them, he is ambushed and viciously attacked.
Johnny decides to interrupt and defend him, despite their mutual dislike, and the punks turn their attention to him instead.
As he refuses to fight back, they beat him savagely until Omar returns and intervenes, protecting Johnny as the punks trash the laundrette and flee the scene.
Nasser visits Papa, and the two discuss their respective failures, agreeing between them that only Omar's future matters now.
Nasser sees Tania at the train platform while she is running away, and he shouts to her but she disappears.
Meanwhile, at the laundrette, Omar nurses Johnny, and the two bond.
The film ends with a scene of them shirtless, playfully splashing each other with water from a sink, implying that they are continuing their relationship together.
In an unspecified Victorian-era village somewhere in Europe, Victor Van Dort (Johnny Depp), the son of nouveau riche fish merchants, and Victoria Everglot (Emily Watson), the neglected daughter of hateful aristocrats, are preparing for their arranged marriage, which will simultaneously raise the social class of Victor's parents and restore the wealth of Victoria's penniless family.
Both have concerns about marrying someone they do not know, but upon meeting for the first time, they fall for each other.
After the shy Victor ruins the wedding rehearsal by forgetting his vows and is scolded by Pastor Galswells (Christopher Lee), he flees and practices his wedding vows in the nearby forest, placing the wedding ring on a nearby upturned tree root.
The root turns out to be the finger of a murdered woman in a tattered bridal gown named Emily (Helena Bonham Carter), who rises from the grave claiming that she is now Victor's wife.
After fainting, Victor wakes up and finds out he was spirited away to the surprisingly festive Land of the Dead.
The bewildered Victor learns the story of how Emily, his new bride, was murdered years ago by an unknown criminal on the night of her secret elopement.
Emily, as a wedding gift, reunites Victor with his long-dead dog, Scraps.
Meanwhile, Victoria's parents hear that Victor has been seen in another woman's arms, and become suspicious.
Wanting to reunite with Victoria, Victor tricks Emily into taking him back to the Land of the Living by pretending he wants her to meet his parents.
She agrees to this and takes him to see Elder Gutknecht (Michael Gough), the kindly ruler of the underworld, to send him and Emily temporarily to the Land of the Living.
Once back home, Victor asks Emily to wait in the forest while he rushes off to see Victoria and confess his wish to marry her as soon as possible, to which she gladly returns his feelings.
Just as they are about to share a kiss, Emily arrives and sees the two of them together and, feeling betrayed and hurt, angrily drags Victor back to the Land of the Dead.
Victoria tells her parents that Victor has been forcibly wed to a dead woman, but they believe she has lost her mind and lock her up in her bedroom.
She escapes her room by window and rushes to Galswells to find a way to help Victor, but fails.
With Victor gone, Victoria's parents decide to marry her off against her will to a presumed-wealthy newcomer in town named Lord Barkis Bittern (Richard Grant), who appeared at the wedding rehearsal.
Emily is heartbroken by Victor's deception.
Victor, however, apologizes for lying to her, and the two reconcile while playing the piano together.
Shortly after, Victor's recently deceased family coachman, Mayhew appears in the afterlife and informs Victor of Victoria's impending marriage to Barkis.
In order for Victor and Emily's marriage to become valid, Victor must repeat his vows in the Land of the Living and willingly drink the Wine of Ages, a poison - thus joining her in death.
Overhearing this, and fretting about having lost Victoria to another man, Victor agrees to die for Emily.
All of the dead go "upstairs" to the Land of the Living to perform the wedding ceremony for Victor and Emily.
Upon their arrival, the town erupts into a temporary panic until everyone recognizes their loved ones from the dead and they have a joyous reunion under the bizarre circumstances.
After a quarrel with Barkis (and realizing he was only after her supposed money), Victoria follows the procession of dead to the church.
Emily notices Victoria and realizes that she is denying Victoria her chance at happiness the same way it was stolen from her.
As Victor prepares to drink the cup of poison to kill himself, Emily stops him and reunites him with Victoria.
Barkis interrupts them, and Emily recognizes him as her former fiance - who is revealed to be the one who murdered her for her dowry.
Barkis tries to kidnap Victoria at sword point, but Victor stops him and the two men duel.
The dead townspeople are unable to interfere with the affairs of the living.
Emily intercedes to save Victor and Barkis mockingly proposes a toast to Emily, claiming she was "always the bridesmaid, never the bride".
He unknowingly drinks the cup of poison.
The dead, now able to intercede, happily drag the "new arrival" back to the Land of the Dead for retribution for his crimes.
Victoria, now a widow, is once again able to marry Victor.
Emily sets Victor free of his vow to marry her, giving the wedding ring back to Victor and her wedding bouquet to Victoria before exiting the church.
As she steps into the moonlight, she transforms into hundreds of butterflies, presumably finding peace, as Victor and Victoria look on wrapped in each other's embrace.
In 1954 Baltimore, Wade "Cry-Baby" Walker is the leader of a gang of "drapes", which includes his sister Pepper, a teenage mother; Mona "Hatchet Face" Malnorowski, who is facially disfigured; Wanda Woodward, who is constantly embarrassed by her post World War II normal parents; and Milton Hackett, Hatchet Face's devoted boyfriend.
Walker's ability to shed a single tear drives all the girls wild.
One day after school, he is approached by Allison Vernon-Williams, a pretty girl tired of being a "square", and the two fall in love.
That same day, Cry-Baby approaches the "square" part of town to a talent show at the recreation center where Allison's grandmother hosts events, and introduces himself to her, who is skeptical of his motives.
Cry-Baby invites Allison to a party at Turkey Point, a local hangout spot for the drapes.
Despite her grandmother's skepticism, Allison accompanies Cry-Baby to Turkey Point and sings with the drapes.
As Cry-Baby and Allison tell each other about their orphan lives; Cry-Baby's father was sent to the electric chair after being the "Alphabet Bomber" – a killer who bombed places in alphabetical order and his mother tried to stop him, but also got sent to the electric chair as a result; Allison's parents took separate flights to avoid orphaning her if they crashed, but both their planes went down.
Allison's jealous square boyfriend, Baldwin, then starts a riot.
Cry-Baby is blamed for the fight and sent to a penitentiary, outraging all his friends and even Allison's grandmother, who is impressed by Cry-Baby's posture, manners, and musical talent.
As Lenora Frigid, a loose girl with a crush on Cry-Baby, but constantly rejected by him, claims to be pregnant with his child, Allison feels betrayed and returns to Baldwin and the squares, though her grandmother advises her against rushing into a decision.
Meanwhile, in the penitentiary, Cry-Baby gets a teardrop tattoo.
He tells the tattoo artist, fellow drape Dupree (Robert Tyree): "I've been hurt all my life, but real tears wash away.
This one's for Allison, and I want it to last forever.
".
Eventually after performing with Baldwin and the Whiffles, Allison is persuaded by the newly established alliance between the Drapes and her grandmother to stand by Cry-Baby and join the campaign for his release.
Cry-Baby is released, but immediately insulted by Baldwin, who after revealing that his grandfather is the one who electrocuted Cry-Baby's father, challenges him to a chicken race.
Cry-Baby wins, as Baldwin chickens out, and is reunited with Allison.
The film ends with all watching the chicken race crying a single tear, except for Allison and Cry-Baby, who has finally let go of the past, enabling him to cry from both eyes.
Scat Sweeney and Hot Lips Barton, two out-of-work musicians, travel the United States trying to find work and stay away from girls.
After running from state to state, each time running because of a girl, they try their luck in Louisiana.
They stow away on board a Rio-bound ship, after accidentally starting some fires at a circus.
They then get mixed up with the distraught Lucia, who first thanks them, then unexpectedly turns them over to the ship's captain.
Unbeknownst to both of them, Lucia is being hypnotized by her crooked guardian, Catherine Vail.
Vail plans to marry Lucia to her brother so she can control her and a set of "papers".
After a series of misadventures.
including sneaking off the boat, recruiting a few local musicians, and the boys trying to escape with Lucia only to have Vail hypnotize her again and slap them both, Vail decides to do away with the boys permanently.
She hypnotizes both of them and tries to get them to kill each other in a duel, but it fails.
Scat and Hot Lips finally figure things out and the boys head for the ceremony in order to stop the wedding and to help catch the crooks.
Upon finding the "papers", which Scat reads, when Hot Lips asks what they are about, Scat tears them up and looks into the camera, saying, "The world must never know".
Later on, Scat is dismayed to see that Lucia loves Hot Lips and not him, but upon peeking through a keyhole, he sees Hot Lips hypnotizing her.
Hope's frequent sidekick Jerry Colonna has a cameo as the leader of a cavalry charging to the rescue of Bing and Bob, as the film cuts away to the galloping horses periodically.
All is resolved before he can arrive, leading Colonna to point out:.
The movie begins with Donald Foley retrieving curling stones from a lake near Long Bay, Ontario.
Foley dies after retrieving the stones, and a codicil to his will demands that curling rink he formerly coached be re-assembled, and enter a bonspiel to win the Golden Broom by placing a stone containing his ashes on the button.
The team's skip, Chris Cutter, had skipped town ten years ago over the shame of failing to call a burnt stone, abandoning his fiancée Julie Foley (Donald's daughter) at the altar, and throwing the team's stones into the lake.
Chris returns to Long Bay, where he convinces the former members of his team, Neil Bucyk, James Lennox, and Eddie Strombeck, to enter the competition for the Golden Broom.
While the rink practices for the Golden Broom tournament, Chris tries to make amends with Julie, which is complicated by his feelings for her younger sister Amy.
Neil deals with his resentment towards his wife, and unhappiness at running a funeral home inherited from his father in law.
Eddie deals with his low sperm count and dissatisfaction about being unable to father children.
James is working as a minor drug dealer, and tries to raise money to pay off a supplier to whom he is indebted.
After losing a match to an extremely elderly rink, the team realises they need a coach to be prepared for the bonspiel.
Chris reconciles with his estranged father Gordon Cutter, so he will coach the team.
Gordon trains the team for the upcoming bonspiel.
In the first match of the bonspiel, the rink plays another rink, skipped by former Olympian Alexander Yount.
Chris again fails to call a burnt stone, demoralising himself, the rest of his rink, and his father.
Chris goes drinking at a bar, where Amy meets him and informs him she Julie have come to an understanding; Julie accepts that Chris and Amy love one another, and once Chris accepts it they can be together.
Julie, meanwhile, will be blasted off into space.
Chris goes to his mother's grave where he encounters his father; the two reconcile, and Gordon tells Chris to go be with Amy.
Neil quits the rink, and is replaced by Gordon.
However, in the second to last match, Gordon once again throws out his back and unable to curl.
However, Chris and his rink manage to win the match.
In the final match of the bonspiel, the rink once again meets Yount's rink.
With Gordon injured, Chris is forced to curl with a rink of three.
Down 6-0 early, Gordon laments that they "need a good lead man".
At this time, Neil and his wife are at the country club.
Joanne rushes to the club and convinces Neil to rejoin the rink.
Chris and his rink stage a comeback, and are now within victory.
On the critical final shot, one of the sweepers burns the stone, noticed only by Chris.
In this instance, Chris calls the burn.
Yount allows Chris to retake the shot, to which Chris changes up his shot.
Chris throws the rock directly at the centre of the house, smashing it and the rock it collided with.
A large piece of granite lands directly on the button, along with Coach Foley's ashes.
Chris and his rink have not only won the Golden Broom bonspiel, but have also fulfilled Coach Finley's final wish.
Joe Tyler (Matthew Perry), a process server, is a week late serving a Mafia kingpin known as Fat Charlie (Joe Viterelli) with a summons to appear as a witness in court.
Joe's abrasive boss Ray (Cedric the Entertainer) ridicules him while complimenting Joe's rival, Tony (Vincent Pastore), for serving multiple summonses in record time.
Willing to give Joe one last shot, Ray gives him an assignment to serve British socialite Sara Moore (Elizabeth Hurley) with divorce papers from her husband, Gordon (Bruce Campbell), who is at his ranch in Texas with his mistress, Kate (Amy Adams), while Sara is vacationing in upstate New York.
While Joe is attempting to serve Sara, Tony tips her off, thus revealing that Joe has been failing lately because Tony is sabotaging his efforts.
Eventually Joe does serve her, but is mugged soon thereafter.
Joe and Sara are forced to take the same bus; while they are riding together, Joe informs her that, under Texas law, she stands to gain nothing from the divorce.
When she learns that "half of everything" would apply if the papers had been served under New York law, Sara offers Joe a million dollars to serve her husband and rip up her papers.
Despite knowing that he might lose his job, Joe agrees and the two set off together to serve Gordon.
When Ray hears of their plan, he informs Gordon and sends Tony off to re-serve Sara.
Gordon hires a bodyguard (Terry Crews) to protect himself, and Joe, expecting Tony to tail him, leaves a set of bogus clues that lead Tony to Miami, Florida, Bangor, Maine, and then Amarillo, Texas, where Tony is shot in the back as he attempts to get on the grounds of the wrong ranch to try to serve the papers.
Sara and Joe trail Gordon to his ranch, but Gordon evades them.
At the ranch, Sara takes some money and Gordon's passport so that he can not leave the country.
Sara and Joe stay overnight at a hotel, and Joe tells Sara of his dream of owning a vineyard.
While Sara is bathing, Joe goes to the bar, and Gordon's mistress appears to suggest a new deal to Joe; for one million dollars from the divorce settlement, she will reveal Gordon's location.
Joe agrees, but the entire deal is a setup to get Tony into the hotel room to serve Sara, which he does.
Furious, Sara kicks Joe out.
While Joe contemplates his lost fortune and budding affection for Sara, he notices Tony's watch in the picture Tony took of him serving Sara, and calls Ray to inform him that Tony forgot to set his watch to Central Time Zone, so that the papers do not take effect until 7:04 pm Central Time.
With mere minutes until they both lose a fortune, Joe and Sara trail Gordon to a monster truck rally.
They evade both Gordon's bodyguard and Tony, and with seconds to spare, Sara knocks Gordon out by dropping a six-pack of beer on his head.
Joe serves him under New York law and Gordon takes the papers.
Tony and the bodyguard are carried out of the stadium on stretchers and then attempt to fight one another.
The final scene shows Joe and Sara at Joe's vineyard, where they taste-test a bottle of Joe's first vintage before going inside to have sex.
Kat Ellis (Debra Messing) is a single New Yorker who returns to her parents' house in London to be the maid of honor at her younger half sister Amy's (Amy Adams) wedding.
The best man is none other than her former fiancé, who unexpectedly dumped her two years ago.
Anxious about confronting him and eager to impress him, she hires suave escort Nick Mercer (Dermot Mulroney) to pose as her boyfriend.
Kat intends to make her former flame, Jeffrey (Jeremy Sheffield), jealous, but her plan backfires when Nick convinces everyone, including her, that they are madly in love.
Kat then feels herself, too, falling for Nick as he slowly falls for her.
The night before the wedding, Kat discovers Amy slept with Jeffrey when they were still together, and that Jeffrey dumped Kat because he believed he was in love with Amy.
Nick had discovered this fact a day earlier, and when Kat finds that out, she feels betrayed from all sides, and puts Nick off.
He decides to return to America, and leaves Kat the money she had paid him.
On the wedding day, seeing Kat distressed, her step-father (Peter Egan) asks Kat if Nick 'is the guy for you', and Kat realizes he is, so she sets off to find him.
Meanwhile, just before the wedding, Amy confesses her betrayal to her fiancé, Ed (Jack Davenport), but professes her love for him.
Ed, upset, chases Jeffrey out of the church and down the road.
Jeffrey in distress of the chase, said he gave up on Amy and believes he's done nothing wrong.
To which Ed, calls him a "back-stabbing weasel", though Jeffrey believes he's still done nothing wrong because he slept with Amy before they dated.
Ed shouts out that he was engaged to Kat, proving he was still in the wrong for what he did to Kat.
Nick, driving away, picks up Ed as Jeffrey disappears into the woods.
Nick and Ed talk about love, and Ed decides he loves Amy more than he is angry.
To make it more clear that he should go back, Nick tells Ed if he went back the couple would end up having great make-up sex.
To which, Nick helps urge him more to return to the church, so they end up getting married, with Nick as 'new' best man.
Just before the ceremony, Nick tells Kat he realized he'd ".
rather fight with you than make love with anyone else", and they kiss passionately.
Kat and Nick begin a real relationship together.
Amy and Kat now reconcile and Kat lets go of her anger and forgives Amy since she confessed the truth to Ed.
TJ, Kat's cousin also apparently enjoys a moment with Woody after the wedding.
Jeffrey, the main cause of all the trouble, learns absolutely nothing.
At the end he is seen trying to get the attentions of a female neighbor.
Jiminy Cricket first appears inside a large plant in a large house, exploring and singing "I'm a Happy-go-Lucky Fellow", until he happens to stumble upon a doll, a teddy bear, and a record player with some records, one of which is Bongo, a musical romance story narrated by actress Dinah Shore.
Jiminy decides to set up the record player to play the story of Bongo.
The story follows the adventures of a circus bear named Bongo who wishes he could live freely in the wild.
Bongo is raised in captivity and is praised for his performances, but is poorly treated once he is off stage.
As such, while traveling by a circus train his natural instincts urge him to break free.
As soon as he escapes and enters a forest, a day passes before his idealistic assessment of his new living situation has been emotionally shattered and he experiences some hard conditions.
The next morning however, he meets a female bear named Lulubelle.
The two fall in love, until Bongo immediately faces a romantic rival in the brutish, enormously-shaped bear named Lumpjaw.
Bongo fails to interpret Lulubelle slapping him as a sign of affection and when she accidentally slaps Lumpjaw, he claims her for himself, forcing all other bears into a celebration for the "happy" new couple.
Bongo comes to understand the meaning of slapping one another among wild bears and returns to challenge Lumpjaw.
He manages to outwit Lumpjaw for much of their fight until the two fall into a river and go over a waterfall.
While Lumpjaw is swept away and dies, Bongo's hat saves him from falling down and he finally can claim Lulubelle as his mate.
Bongo later aired as an individual episode on a 1955 episode of Walt Disney's anthology TV series with new introductory segments, which used Jiminy Cricket's narration and singing replacing Dinah Shore's.
The short was released separately in 1989 in the Walt Disney Mini-Classics line.
This segment is narrated by Edgar Bergen in live-action sequences, who, with the help of his ventriloquist dummies Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer Snerd, tells the tale to child actress Luana Patten at her birthday party.
The short later aired as an individual episode on a 1963 episode of Walt Disney's anthology TV series with new introductory segments.
Ludwig Von Drake (voiced by Paul Frees) replaces Edgar Bergen as the narrator in the 1963 version, for which he has a Bootle-Beetle companion named Herman (replacing the sassy comments of Edgar Bergen's ventriloquist dummy Charlie McCarthy).
A second version of the short was produced replacing Bergen with narration by Sterling Holloway, as a stand-alone short in such venues as the 1980s TV show, Good Morning, Mickey.
This short was one of many featured in Donald Duck's 50th Birthday.
A third version of Mickey and the Beanstalk was on the Disney television show "The Mouse Factory", which aired from 1972 to 1974.
This version starred Shari Lewis and Lamb Chop.
The Ludwig Von Drake version of Mickey and the Beanstalk was released separately in 1988 in the Walt Disney Mini-Classics line.
This version was then re-released in 1994, as part of Disney Favorite Stories collection.
In 2004, the theatrical version of Mickey and the Beanstalk was released as a bonus feature on the Walt Disney Treasures set Mickey Mouse In Living Color, Volume Two.
The TV version, featuring Ludwig Von Drake narrating, is available as part of the (Volume 1).
A jovial countryside land called Happy Valley, kept alive at all times by a singing harp, is suddenly plagued by a severe drought and falls into turmoil and depression after the harp is stolen from the castle by a mysterious assailant (and also nicknamed "Gruesome Gulch").
The residents are driven into poverty and forced to leave in order to avoid death by starvation.
Eventually, only three residents are left: Mickey, Donald, and Goofy.
The trio have but just one loaf of bread and a single solitary bean to eat.
One particular night, Mickey is forced to cut the bread into slices so ridiculously paper-thin that you could see right through them.
Donald, driven to insanity by starvation, attempts to kill their pet cow with an axe, but is stopped by the combined efforts of Mickey and Goofy.
Mickey then decides to sell the cow for money to buy food.
Goofy and Donald are excited about eating again and begin to sing about delicious dishes until Mickey comes back and reveals that he traded their beloved bovine for a container of beans, which he claims to be magical.
An enraged Donald, thinking that Mickey had been tricked, furiously throws the beans down the floor and they fall through a hole.
However, it turns out that the beans are truly magical after all as later that night, the light of a full moon causes a beanstalk to sprout from under the house and lift it far up into the sky.
The next morning, Mickey, Donald, and Goofy climb the gigantic beanstalk and enter a magical kingdom of enormous scope, where they appear to be tiny creatures compared to their surroundings.
They eventually make their way to a huge castle, where they help themselves to a sumptuous feast.
There they stumble across the harp locked in a small box, as she explains that she was kidnapped by a "wicked giant".
Sure enough, just then, a giant named Willie emerges from the shadows, grunting angrily but then suddenly breaking into a happy song ("Fee Fi Fo Fum") and bouncing a ball about while demonstrating rather amazing powers like flight, invisibility, and shapeshifting.
As Willie prepares to eat lunch, he accidentally catches Mickey in his sandwich.
Mickey sneezes when Willie pours pepper and tries to run away, but Willie catches him.
Mickey plays palm reader and gains the childish giant's trust.
Willie offers to show off his powers, and Mickey, spotting a nearby fly-swatter, asks him to change into a fly.
However, Willie suggests turning into a pink bunny instead, and as he does he sees Mickey, Donald, and Goofy with the fly-swatter.
Angry, Willie captures Mickey, Donald, and Goofy and locks them in the harp's chest so as to keep them from pulling any more tricks.
In order to escape, Mickey must find the key and rescue his friends, and does so with the help of the singing golden harp, who begins singing Willie to sleep.
Mickey almost alerts Willie to his presence by sneezing after falling into a box of powder in Willie's pocket, but the same powder makes Willie sneeze and he loses sight of Mickey.
Mickey frees his friends and they make a break for it with the harp.
However, Willie wakes up from his sleep and spots them, giving chase all the way to the beanstalk.
Mickey stalls him long enough for Donald and Goofy to reach the bottom and begin sawing the beanstalk.
Mickey arrives just in time to finish the job of cutting down the beanstalk, and Willie, who was climbing down, falls to his apparent death.
Back in the narrator's home, the narrator (be it Ludwig Von Drake or Edgar Bergen) finishes his story and cheers up his companion (be it Herman or Mortimer Snerd), who was crying for Willie.
Just as the narrator says that Willie is a fictional character and not real, Willie himself appears, alive and well, tearing the roof off the narrator's house.
Willie inquires about Mickey's whereabouts, but the narrator faints in shock while the companion tells Willie goodnight.
Before the scene closes, Willie notices The Brown Derby restaurant and picks up the building searching for any sign of Mickey and since the restaurant looks like a hat, places it on his head, and stomps off with the HOLLYWOOD lights blinking in the background.
Play gives Kid's college scholarship check to a con artist Sheila Landreaux posing as a record executive.
Kid is given one week by the dean (Dean Kramer) to pay his tuition fee or face being kicked out of college.
The dean's assistant helps Kid with an extension and a job in the dining hall.
Kid steals the key to the faculty dining hall.
In order to raise the money, Kid, Play, Bilal and Kid's roommate, Jamal secretly hold a pajama themed party for the students in the faculty dining hall to raise money for Kid to stay in college until Play sees the con artists and Kid sees Miles with Sydney.
Kid, Play and campus security go upstairs to stop the con artists and Miles.
Kid fights Miles on the roof.
The dean and the police come in to stop the party.
Play tells the dean where Kid's check went to the con artists, Rick and Sheila are arrested and Miles is arrested and fired from his job.
The dean tells Kid, Play, Bilal and Jamal to clean up the faculty dining hall or they will face expulsion.
Kid gives the money to mrLee for the damages, Kid goes to his pop's grave where he meets Play, who arrives with the tuition money.
Meanwhile, Kid's former high school rivals Stab, Zilla and Pee Wee take jobs as campus security in order to make Kid's life miserable one more time as Kid tries to balance work and study along with his relationship with Sydney.
Christopher,ka.
Kid (Christopher "Kid" Reid) is marrying his girlfriend Veda (Angela Means), while his best friend Peter,ka.
Play (Christopher "Play" Martin) is dipping his fingers into the music business and attempting to manage a roughneck female rap act called Sex as a Weapon (TLC).
Play books the ladies for a concert with heavy-hitting promoter Showboat (Michael Colyar), but when they decide to fire Play and hire a new manager, he has to figure out how to deliver them to the show or face the wrath of Showboat's female security force.
Things eventually begin to spiral out of control for the two, as Play is also planning the bachelor party while trying to keep Kid's three younger cousins from Detroit (Immature) in line, and Kid's ex-girlfriend Sydney (Tisha Campbell) has come back to town, which is news that doesn't please Veda at all.
To complicate matters more Kid's cousins hijack his bachelor party in retaliation for not letting them perform at it (moving it from the rented hotel ballroom to their Aunt Lucy's house) The party at the ballroom is a bust as Play's cousin Stinky invites very obese women to the party (he's attracted to heavyset women).
Meanwhile, Showboat has been out looking for Kid & Play for his money but gets sidetracked briefly by Kid's mischievous cousins.
Embarrassed by the poor turnout at his party Kid bails into the corridor and runs into Sydney (who is there for her grandparents' anniversary party).
Sydney congratulates Kid and tells him that Veda is good for him.
As they hug and part ways Veda comes out of the elevator and sees them hugging.
She immediately jumps to the conclusion that Kid slept with her but her friend Janelle (who had been dogging Kid and the pending marriage throughout the film) comes to his defense and tell Veda she is wrong to assume Kid cheated.
At the same time Play (who also disagreed with Kid getting married) tells Kid he is wrong for wanting to break off the marriage since he's convinced Veda doesn't trust him.
After Kid and Veda make up they head back to his Aunt Lucy's house to find an out of control party in progress (unbeknownst to Aunt Lucy who was up in her room).
Just as Kid starts to curse his cousins out Play stops him and convinces him to celebrate his bachelor party here.
At that moment Showboat arrives with his female hitmen and are about to attack Kid & Play when he hears Kid's cousins performing at the party, Play picks up on that and immediately informs Showboat that they were a new act he and Kid were working on.
Convinced that they came through, Showboat pays what he owed them just as Sex as a Weapon arrives.
They tell Play that they didn't like what was done to the three blind rappers earlier in the film (they were stiffed on the pay for a show) so they opted to come back to Kid & Play giving Showboat two new acts instead of just one.
Showboat again pays up, and this time the cash was taken by Aunt Lucy who informed all that the money was just enough to clean her house.
The movie ends on Kid and Veda's marriage and Kid's Uncle Vester finding a woman of his own.
Grosvenor (Alan Mowbray), the Kilbournes' butler, discovers at breakfast that the family silver has been stolen by the latest tramp, Ambrose, whom Emily Kilbourne (Billie Burke) had taken under her wing as the chauffeur, in her latest attempt to reform fallen and destitute men, much to the exasperation of the rest of the family.
A distressed Emily swears off taking in any more tramps, to the delight of the rest of the family.
However, later in the morning, Wade Rawlins (Brian Aherne) appears at the doorstep.
His car had broken down; when he got out, it rolled off a cliff.
He wants to use the telephone, but is instead immediately adopted by Emily Kilbourne, despite the rude efforts of Grosvenor and Emily's daughters Geraldine "Jerry" (Constance Bennett) and Marion (Bonita Granville).
Further attempts to convince mrs Kilbourne to get rid of this latest tramp are blissfully ignored.
Rawlins, appointed as the new replacement chauffeur is set up in the servant's quarters.
He is overheard talking to himself while cleaning up by Grosvenor and suspected to be crazy.
Jerry and Marion see the spruced up tramp looking the perfect gentleman and Jerry likes it when he later brushes off Jerry's arrogant wannabee boyfriend, Herbert Wheeler (Phillip Reed).
They now have second thoughts when their father, Henry Kilbourne (Clarence Kolb), who has returned from work tells Emily that he is putting his foot down and orders that they get rid of the new tramp the next day.
A comedy of errors, nighttime interludes with drunken family behavior, the arrogant boyfriend making a move at Jerry, follows with the rescue of the damsel in distress who has also somehow misplaced her keys where some delightful flirting ensues, resulting in Jerry falling in love with Wade.
Marion also expresses a crush on Wade.
The next day, Emily Kilbourne, despite orders to get rid of Wade, trains him to be a footman at the important dinner party that evening for Senator Harlan (Paul Everton).
That evening, through a contrived prank by Marion, Rawlins is accidentally invited to the important dinner party for Senator Harlan, who takes quite a liking to him, as does his daughter Minerva (Ann Dvorak).
The next morning, the family finds Rawlins occupying the guest room.
It is impossible to throw him out, as it is discovered that he is now a confidant of Senator Harlan and his daughter's target of affection.
Jerry is consumed with jealousy, as she sees Minerva flirting with Rawlins at golf later that morning.
After a fudge-making spat with Jerry, Rawlins takes the rest of the day off on an errand.
The car he wrecked turns out to be a loan.
He goes to pay for it, but the car has been found and the police inform the car's owner that Rawlins is assumed to be dead.
The man leaves to identify his car.
Thus, when Rawlins arrives, the owner's assistant George (Willie Best) thinks he is a ghost.
The Kilbournes believe Rawlins has left for good, much to Jerry's dismay after waiting up to reconcile with him.
The next morning at breakfast, the newspaper reports the death of Wade Rawlins, the "noted novelist", from a car crash, much to the shock and dismay of the family, the cook and the maid.
When Rawlins reappears, very much alive, Jerry is immensely relieved.
On July 4, 2005, in a fictionalized United States alternate history reality, two towns in Texas: El Paso and Abilene were destroyed by twin nuclear attacks that triggered a catastrophe of unimaginable proportions, sending America into a state of anarchy and hysteria, as well as a Third World War (a fictionalized version of what the nation may have become under the War on Terror).
The PATRIOT Act has extended authority to a new agency known as US-IDent, which keeps constant surveillance on citizens—even to the extent of censoring the Internet and requiring fingerprints to access computers and bank accounts.
In response to the recent fuel shortage in the wake of global warfare, the German company Treer designs a generator of inexhaustible energy, which is propelled by the perpetual motion of ocean currents, called "Fluid Karma".
However, its inventor Baron von Westphalen and his associates are hiding the fact that the generators alter the ocean's currents and cause the Earth to slow its rotation, and that the transmission of Fluid Karma to portable receivers (via quantum entanglement) is ripping holes in the fabric of space and time.
In near-future 2008, Los Angeles (referred to as "The Southlands" by locals) is a city on the brink of chaos overshadowed by the growth of an underground neo-Marxist organization.
The film follows the criss-crossed destinies of Boxer Santaros, an action film actor stricken with amnesia; Krysta Now, a psychic ex-porn star in the midst of creating a reality TV show; and twin brothers Roland and Ronald Taverner, whose destinies become intertwined with that of all mankind.
The Taverner twins are revealed to be the same person by the engineers of Treer, duplicated when Roland traveled through a rift in space-time, while Boxer has become the most wanted man in the world despite his political ties and his having the fate of the future, in the form of a prophetic screenplay foretelling the end of the world, in his hands.
Helen and Charles McCarter have money, success, and a fine home.
Their lives were perfect – on the surface.
Charles, an attorney, is distant, verbally abusive, and has been having multiple affairs while Helen is unemployed, bored at home, and desperately trying to make her marriage work.
On their 18th wedding anniversary, Helen finds all her belongings in a U-Haul, as Charles is kicking her out for Brenda, his young mistress and the mother of his two children.
Helen kicks the driver, Orlando, out of the truck and visits her intimidating grandmother, Madea.
Madea takes Helen in and helps her get back on her feet, to the dismay of Madea's brother, Joe.
Joe's son, Brian, acts as Madea and Helen's attorney after Charles and Brenda catch the pair breaking into and vandalizing Charles's mansion.
Because Madea is a repeat offender, the judge places her under house arrest and sets a $5,000 property or cash bond for Helen.
Brian kicks his addict wife, Deborah, out of their home.
Helen cultivates a relationship with Orlando.
Meanwhile, career criminal Jamison Milton Jackson asks Charles to be his defense attorney in his trial for shooting an undercover cop during a drug deal and to possibly bribe the judge in his favor.
This forces the revelation that Charles received most of his money through drug deals and buying off judges.
In court for divorce, Helen lets Charles keep all the money and property, provided he pay Brian's attorney fees.
She also wants Charles to pay for her mother's stay in the nursing home since he made her place her there.
Charles agrees to both terms.
In the shooting case, despite Charles' efforts, the jury finds Jamison guilty.
As Jamison is being led out of the courtroom, he snatches the bailiff's gun and shoots Charles in the back for failing to get him acquitted.
Orlando proposes to Helen.
Before Helen can respond, she sees the shooting on the news and goes to the hospital with Brian.
They run into Brenda.
The doctor says Charles might be paralyzed for life and asks if they should resuscitate him if things deteriorate.
Brenda chooses to let Charles die, but Helen, still Charles's legal wife, tells the doctor to do everything they can for him.
Charles recovers, returns home with Helen, and resumes his verbal abuse.
Helen retaliates for years of verbal and emotional abuse.
Brenda is revealed to have emptied Charles's bank account and left with the children.
Their maid, Christina, leaves because Charles has no money to pay her.
All of Charles's friends and associates have turned their backs on him.
Helen and Orlando argue when he learns she has moved back in with Charles to look after him.
He leaves in anger.
Charles realizes his mistakes and apologizes to Helen.
He becomes a kinder man, while she helps him recover.
He regains his ability to walk one day in church, where Deborah, now clean and sober, reconciles with Brian.
Charles hopes to start over with Helen, but during a family dinner, she gives him her wedding ring and signed divorce papers and tells him she will always be his friend.
She finds Orlando, asks him to propose again, and accepts when he does.
Todd stars as Amelia Frisby, the owner of a beauty supply business.
Andy Williams (Wheeler) and dr Bob Dudley (Woolsey) convince her to hire them as salesman to promote her new flavored lipstick, and hilarity ensues.
The film features Etting singing "Keep Romance Alive" and Bert Wheeler and Dorothy Lee singing "Keep On Doin' What You're Doin'" by Bert Kalmar and Harry Ruby.
This film is an existential look at the lives of Jefferson (Jake) played by Kevin Bacon and Kristy Briggs, played by Elizabeth McGovern , from their wedding day until the birth of their first child.
Beginning on their wedding day, it follows both their lives, but more so Jake's, with his voice-over commentaries and several imaginary scenes, based on actual or feared future events.
Jake asks his best friend, Davis McDonald, played by Alec Baldwin before the wedding if he thinks he'll be happy, to which his friend says, "Yeah, you'll be happy.
You just won't know it".
And this is the underlying theme of the movie, Jake's existential crisis of, "Is this all there is.
Is this really my life.
"   After their wedding, Jake and Kristy head off for New Mexico, where Jake works towards gaining a Master's degree, but leaves before finishing, describing it as, "high school with ashtrays".
They return to Chicago where Jake, by, "setting new records for lying in the job market," impresses his potential employers so much that they give him work as an advertising copywriter.
Jake wants to be a writer and tells his bosses that, which amuses and threatens one boss, who himself had failed at ever writing a book.
Kristy also gains work as a research analyst, and they are able to buy a "three-bedroom mortgage" in the suburbs.
Jake's best friend suddenly visits after not seeing him for two years, which causes the two to both envy one another's lives, and to also reaffirm their own.
Jake begins fantasizing about having an affair with a mysterious young French Model, who is wise beyond Jake's years.
Jake and Kristy then continue to adjust to their new live until Kristy unilaterally decides to cease taking contraceptives, without telling Jake, until, after several months, she informs him that he has been unable to impregnate her.
Kristy knows who she is and what she wants in life and seemingly always has.
Jake feels pressure, from society and from his wife, to have a child.
He doesn't know what he wants.
Jake and Kristy then begin a program to assist their efforts to become pregnant, which eventually succeed.
The movie culminates with a traumatic yet eventually successful labor and Jake's realization that his lack of satisfaction and sense of detachment are not due to external factors but his own selfishness and immaturity.
The last scene of the film reveals that Jake's voice-over was the new father reading his novel entitled She's Having a Baby to his wife and son.
As the credits roll, there is a rapid succession of suggestions for the name of the baby by numerous cameos including Roy Orbison, Joanna Kerns, Magic Johnson, Ted Danson, Woody Harrelson, Wil Wheaton, Belinda Carlisle and Kirstie Alley.
John Candy, Dan Aykroyd, and Matthew Broderick were in character as Chet Ripley, Roman Craig, and Ferris Bueller during the end credits.
Professional assassin Martin Blank finds himself depressed and bored with his work.
A major problem is his chief rival Grocer, whose effort to cartelize the hitman business puts him at potentially lethal odds as he is unaffiliated.
Following a botched contract, Martin receives an invitation to his 10-year high school reunion in his hometown of Grosse Pointe, Michigan.
Initially reluctant to attend, he is pressured into it by both his therapist, dr Oatman, and his secretary, Marcella.
She books him a contract in Michigan that coincides with the reunion, ostensibly to smooth things over with the client whose contract was botched.
Upon arriving in Grosse Pointe, Martin reconnects with his childhood friend Paul and seeks out his high school sweetheart Debi Newberry, now a radio DJ, whom Martin had abandoned on prom night to enlist in the Army.
When asked about his livelihood, Martin readily reveals that he is a professional killer, a response taken as a joke by everyone he meets.
Meanwhile, Martin is being stalked by Felix LaPoubelle, who attempts to kill Martin in the convenience store that stands in place of his childhood home.
He is also pursued by two NSA agents who were tipped off to Martin's contract by Grocer.
Despite these dangers, Martin remains distracted by his desire to woo Debi and fails to open the background dossier on his prospective target.
At the reunion, Martin mingles with his former classmates, one of whom hands him her toddler.
Martin then experiences an epiphany, recognizing that his recent disillusionment with his work and his amends with Debi signify an opportunity to change his life for good.
Moments later, while exploring the halls, Martin is attacked by LaPoubelle, whom he kills in self-defense.
Debi stumbles upon the scene and, horrified to find that Martin was not joking about his work after all, flees the reunion.
Paul arrives only moments later to find Martin, who coerces him into helping dispose of LaPoubelle's body in the school furnace.
Realizing that his friend was not joking about his profession, Paul has a drink and leaves the dance.
Later Debi confronts Martin in his hotel room, where he reveals that psychological testing in the army showed he was suited to work as a hitman for the CIA; after leaving the CIA, he went into business for himself.
His rationalizations for his work only scare Debi even more; she rejects his attempts at reconciliation and storms out.
Martin, concluding that it is futile to try to change his life, fires his psychiatrist over the phone, notifies Marcella that he is laying her off (but directs her to a brick of cash hidden in the office, set aside for her severance pay) and finally opens the dossier containing the details of the contract that brought him to Grosse Pointe.
He is startled to find that the target is Debi's father, Bart, who is scheduled to testify against Martin's client.
Grocer decides to kill Bart himself to impress Martin's client.
Martin abandons the contract and rescues Bart from certain death, driving him to the Newberry house and holing up inside, narrowly ahead of Grocer and his mercenaries.
During the siege, Martin finally reveals that he stood Debi up on prom night to enlist in the army to protect her from his homicidal urges.
Martin gradually kills the team of mercenaries.
The NSA agents are gunned down by Grocer and Martin.
By this point, Martin has run out of ammunition, and when Grocer tries to trick him into "selling" him a weapon for $100,000, Martin kills him by crushing his head with a television.
Injured and winded, Martin proposes marriage to Debi, who, shell-shocked from the day's events, does not respond.
In the end, Debi and Martin leave Grosse Pointe together.
Nola Darling (Tracy Camilla Johns) is a young, attractive, sexually independent Brooklynite who juggles three suitors: the polite and well-meaning Jamie Overstreet (Tommy Redmond Hicks); the self-obsessed model Greer Childs (John Canada Terrell); and the immature, motor-mouthed Mars Blackmon (Spike Lee).
Nola is attracted to the best in each of them, but refuses to commit to any of them, cherishing her personal freedom instead, while each man wants her for himself.
Her carefree sexually liberated lifestyle ultimately comes to an end when her three male suitors meet and compare notes on Nola.
While Greer justifies Nola's callous behavior by claiming that she sees the three not as individuals but as a collective, Jamie and Mars become bitter over how little Nola cares for all three men.
Realizing that Mars and Greer are too scared of losing Nola to force her to choose one of the three men, Jamie lays down an ultimatum to her that she must choose a single lover.
Nola scoffs at this decision, and visits him several days later at his apartment for casual sex.
Jamie rapes Nola, while mockingly asking her if he's as good sexually, as Greer or Mars.
Being raped causes Nola to have an epiphany: realizing that promiscuity has turned Jamie against her, she decides to call Jamie's bluff.
Nola dumps Greer and Mars and then tells Jamie that she's is ready for a monogamous relationship.
However, there is a catch: Nola, believing that her promiscuity is the source of her inability to commit to a single guy, wants the relationship to be celibate for the time being.
Though he at first rejects Nola's "no sex" decree, Jamie agrees to it after initially saying no.
Nola and Jamie's reunion however, is followed by a coda which dismantles the "happy ending" of the couple coming together.
In a monologue delivered to the camera Nola reveals that her vow of celibacy and her decision to be with Jamie exclusively was "a moment of weakness".
Nola explains that she soon began to cheat on Jamie and ultimately the relationship collapsed, though she is vague on specifics or whether or not she resumed her casual affairs with Mars or Greer (the latter of which vowed never to have anything else to do with Nola after being dumped).
Nola proudly proclaims that monogamy was a form of slavery and that her promiscuous lifestyle is freedom in its purest form.
However, the film implies that Nola is still terminally unhappy with her decision to leave Jamie as the film closes with Nola going to bed all alone.
The film tells the love story of a male engineering college student, Gyeon-woo, and "the Girl" (who is never named in the movie).
Gyeon-woo just cannot seem to catch a romantic break.
One day, at dinner, Gyeon-woo is interrupted by a call from his mother, telling him to visit his aunt and meet a potential date.
At the train station on his way to his aunt's, he observes a drunk girl, standing precariously close to the edge of the train platform as the train approaches; he pulls her to safety just in time.
Inside the train, Gyeon-woo cannot help but stare at the girl who is his "type" but repulsed by her drunkenness.
Finally, she throws up on a passenger and faints but not before she calls Gyeon-woo "honey".
The passenger aggressively chides Gyeon-woo and tells him to take care of his "girlfriend".
Gyeon-woo, completely flustered, carries her all the way to the nearest hotel.
Thus begins his comically ill-fated relationship with the Girl.
They meet each other again after Gyeon-woo gets locked up in jail over a misunderstanding, and over soju the Girl cries, admits to breaking up with her boyfriend the day before and gets thoroughly drunk, resulting in a second trip to the same hotel.
After this second overnight stay at the hotel, she begins to become a more active part of his life.
She visits Gyeon-woo in school and pulls him out of class, telling the teacher that Gyeon-woo is the father of her soon-to-be-aborted baby.
The Girl's mood swings wildly from joyful to downright violent, but Gyeon-woo puts up with it and lets her abuse him for her amusement.
She is an aspiring scriptwriter and throughout the movie gives Gyeon-woo three different screenplays from different genres.
The first is an action movie—The Demolition Terminator—which switches gender roles, symbolically having the Girl save her helpless lover (Gyeon-woo).
The second is a wild perversion of a Korean short story—Sonagi—in which the Girl, having died, asks that her lover be buried along with her—even though he's still alive.
The last is a wuxia/samurai movie spoof full of genre clichés and anachronisms.
All three feature the same common thread: the Girl is from the future.
Despite all the horrible things Gyeon-woo endures, he is determined to help cure the girl's pain.
He decides to surprise her on her birthday and takes her on a nighttime trip to an amusement park which ends up quite differently from how he planned: the pair encounter an AWOL soldier who holds them hostage and rants about his misery after being jilted.
Gyeon-woo convinces him to release her, and she in turn convinces the soldier to free Gyeon-woo and go on with his life and pursue another love.
The Girl and Gyeon-woo's relationship takes a turn for the better and he sends her home and meets her father, who is a habitual drinker.
Her parents do not take to Gyeon-woo and on leaving, he overhears an impassioned argument between the girl and her mother over her relationship with him.
He does not hear from her for quite some time and his life without her begins.
One day however, the Girl calls him and tells him to bring her a rose during class to commemorate their 100th-day anniversary.
He does this, leading to a touching and romantic scene where he arrives in disguise into a packed auditorium and watches her play the melody of George Winston's variations on Pachelbel's Canon in D on a piano onstage.
The classmates applaud in approval at his romantic gesture.
As the night unfolds he is confronted at her house by her parents again, with her father demanding the two to break up.
The Girl does not contact him again and Gyeon-woo naturally thinks they have broken up, until one day when she calls Gyeon-woo to meet her for dinner with a blind date.
The Girl introduces Gyeon-woo to the date and, while she leaves for the washroom afterwards, Gyeon-woo candidly offers advice on how to ensure her happiness by asking her potential suitor to follow ten rules: preventing her from overdrinking and giving in to her at every circumstance, even if it means enduring the occasional "violence".
It is at this point that she realizes how well Gyeon-woo understands her.
She abruptly leaves her date and searches for Gyeon-woo at the subway station.
Once reunited the two realize they are at a turning point in their relationship, but, for some unspeakable reason, the Girl decides it is time for them to part.
As a gesture to their happy times the two write letters to each other and bury them in a "time capsule" under a particular tree on a mountain in the countryside.
They agree to meet again at the tree after two years to read the letters together.
After burying the "time capsule" they go their separate ways.
During the two-year span, Gyeon-woo works hard to improve himself, writing My Sassy Girl movie script after he details their love affair on the Internet.
When the agreed upon date arrives, he travels to the mountain but the Girl does not show up.
Eventually, he opens the time capsule and reads her letter and learns the root of her angst and behavior: Gyeon-woo reminds her of her previous boyfriend who, rather than breaking up with her, actually died before she met Gyeon-woo.
All through the time the Girl and Gyeon-woo were seeing each other she had been seeing her dead boyfriend's mother, who wants to introduce her to a nice young man.
A year after Gyeon-woo visits the tree, the Girl finally arrives.
Sitting under the tree is an old man.
During their conversation the old man reveals the secret of the tree, that it is not the same tree; the original tree had been struck and killed by lightning a year before and a similar tree had been planted by a young man so that his special someone would not be sad.
After the girl reads his letter, she tries to call Gyeon-woo repeatedly, but is unable to contact him.
At lunch with her deceased boyfriend's mother after a year later, the mother introduces her nephew—who turns out to be Gyeon-woo, whom she has been trying to introduce to the Girl for years.
The mother, who is Gyeon-woo's aunt, tells the Girl to go out with him, hoping that he could make life easier for her.
She tells Gyeon-woo that the Girl can give advice to him about his impending trip to England, to which he replies, "I don't have to go anymore".
Bernard Chanticleer (Peter Kastner), called "Big Boy" by his parents, is 19 but still lives with his overbearing, clinging mother (Geraldine Page) and his commanding, disapproving father (Rip Torn), who is Curator of Incunabula at the New York Public Library.
Bernard also works as a low-level assistant at the library, where his father is constantly monitoring and admonishing him.
His father decides it's time he grew up and moved out of the family home in Great Neck and into his own Manhattan apartment.
His mother is not happy about letting him go, but acquiesces to her husband and arranges for Bernard to live in a rooming house run by nosy, prudish Miss Nora Thing (Julie Harris).
Miss Thing inherited the building on the condition that her late brother's aggressive pet rooster be allowed to occupy the fifth floor, which Bernard must pass to get to his room.
Miss Thing reassures Bernard's mother that the rooster only attacks girls, especially young pretty girls, to which Bernard's mother responds that her son isn't interested in girls yet, but arranges that Miss Thing will spy on Bernard and report any "female" activity.
Bernard's mother also constantly mails locks of her hair to Bernard at his new residence.
Actually, Bernard is very interested in girls, but due to his upbringing he's a naive, immature virgin.
He is smitten from afar with the coldly beautiful actress Barbara Darling (Elizabeth Hartman).
Meanwhile, Amy Partlett (Karen Black), Bernard's grade school classmate who now works in his father's office, confesses to Bernard that she has a crush on him.
Bernard's worldly co-worker Raef Del Grado (Tony Bill) encourages him to date Amy because she's a "sure thing"— a girl that will sleep with him — but discourages him from trying to pursue Barbara.
Amy and Bernard go on a date to a discotheque, but when Bernard sees Barbara performing as the featured go-go dancer, he is mesmerized by Barbara and loses all interest in Amy.
Amy tries to win him back by kissing him and offering to spend the night with him, which Bernard accepts although he's thinking of Barbara the entire time.
When they try to go to Bernard's room, the rooster attacks Amy, causing a commotion in which Miss Thing falls down the stairs and breaks her arm.
Bernard's mother blames Amy, calling her a tramp and forbidding Bernard from seeing her again.
Bernard writes Barbara a gushing fan letter, to which she responds inviting him to visit her at the theater where she's appearing in a play.
Barbara is a narcissist, who hates men after being sexually assaulted as a young girl by an albino one-legged hypnotherapist.
Not knowing all this, Bernard is thrilled to hear from her, rushes to the theater to meet her, and bumbles his way through an evening at her apartment.
Barbara, enjoying her control over Bernard's emotions, teases him and later tries to seduce him, but he can't perform and is upset about it though Barbara seems to be understanding and even invites him to move in with her.
Meanwhile, Amy has been calling Bernard's rooming house all night looking for him.
Miss Thing goes to the library to tell Bernard's father that Bernard was out all night and a girl called him every 15 minutes.
Miss Thing and Bernard's father accidentally get trapped in a timelocked vault full of rare erotica, which horrifies her and causes her to rush out in disarray when the vault opens, giving the impression that Bernard's father made a pass at her.
Bernard's father has also made a pass at Amy, who gets upset and tells Bernard.
Miss Thing evicts Bernard, so he moves in with Barbara, although he still can't perform with her and she's starting to treat him badly.
His parents have wrongly concluded he's spending nights with Amy, but when they discover Amy hasn't seen him, his father sends Raef to find him, leading to Raef and Barbara becoming engaged and Barbara throwing Bernard out of her apartment.
Bernard, followed by Raef and Barbara, returns to the library where his parents and Amy are waiting for him.
Miss Thing and her new boyfriend, police officer Francis Graf (Dolph Sweet), who also lives in her boarding house, also arrive to confront Bernard's father about what happened in the vault.
Bernard finally rebels against his parents, telling them he's leaving and wants to get away from them, and then grabbing and running away with his father's most prized library item, the Gutenberg Bible.
A slapstick chase through a street parade and a department store follows, ending when Barbara knocks Bernard out with a mannequin's leg.
Barbara is featured in the newspaper for stopping a rare book thief and saving the Gutenberg Bible for the City of New York.
Elated with her newfound fame, Barbara dumps Raef.
Bernard is jailed, but Amy bails him out and he realizes she's the girl for him, and they go off happily together.
Donovan Donaly (Geoffrey Rush) a TV soap opera producer, surprises his wife Bonnie (Stacey Travis) being intimate with an ex-boyfriend.
He files for divorce, and Bonnie hires Miles Massey (George Clooney), a top divorce attorney and the inventor of the "Massey pre-nup", a completely foolproof prenuptial agreement.
Miles wins a large property settlement against Donaly, leaving him broke.
Private investigator Gus Petch (Cedric the Entertainer) tails the wealthy and married Rex Rexroth (Edward Herrmann) on a drunken night out with a blonde.
When they stop at a motel, Gus catches their tryst on video.
He takes the video to Rex's wife, Marylin Rexroth (Catherine Zeta-Jones), a marriage-for-money predator.
She files for divorce, demanding a large property settlement.
Unable to afford a divorce settlement, Rex hires Miles to represent him.
Marylin's friend, serial divorcée Sarah Sorkin (Julia Duffy), warns Marilyn that Miles will be a dangerous opponent.
Marylin and her lawyer, Freddy Bender (Richard Jenkins), fail to reach an agreement with Miles and Rex.
Bored Miles asks the fascinating Marylin to dinner, where they flirt.
While they are out, Petch breaks in and copies her address book for Miles, who has his assistant search among the names for Marylin's accomplice in predatory marriage.
In court, Marylin feigns an emotional breakdown over Rex's infidelity, professing that she loved Rex unconditionally at first sight.
Miles then calls "Puffy" Krauss von Espy (Jonathan Hadary), a Swiss hotel concierge located by his assistant.
Puffy testifies that Marylin asked him to find her a marriage target who was very rich, foolish, and a philanderer whom she could easily divorce, and that he pointed her to Rex.
The divorce is granted, but Marylin gets nothing, and Miles' ancient boss, Herb Myerson (Tom Aldredge), congratulates him.
Marylin wants revenge.
She finds the now-penniless Donaly living on the street, still clutching his Emmy statuette.
She offers him a chance to reclaim his lost glory if he helps her get revenge on Miles.
Soon after, Marylin shows up at Miles' office with her new fiancé, oil millionaire Howard Doyle (Billy Bob Thornton).
Marylin insists on the Massey prenup, which will make it absolutely impossible for her to claim any of her fiancée's assets in the event of a divorce, over both Howard and Miles's objections.
However, Howard destroys it during the wedding, as a demonstration of love.
Six months later, Miles goes to Las Vegas to give the keynote address at a convention for divorce attorneys.
He encounters Marylin, who has divorced Howard and presumably collected a sizable share of the Doyle Oil fortune.
However, she admits that she is disenchanted with her wealthy but lonely life.
Miles is thrilled, and marries her on the spur of the moment.
To prove that he has no interest in her fortune, he signs the Massey prenup, but she tears it up.
The next morning a disheveled Miles tells the convention that love is the most important thing, and that he is giving up divorce for pro bono work.
A short time later, Miles discovers that "Howard Doyle" was just an actor from one of Donaly's soap operas.
Marylin has tricked him, and now his considerable wealth is at risk.
Miles' boss demands that something be done to save the firm's reputation, and suggests the hitman "Wheezy Joe" (Irwin Keyes).
Miles hires him to kill Marylin.
Miles then learns that Marylin's ex-husband Rex has died without changing his will, leaving her his entire fortune.
Since she is now the wealthier of the two parties, his assets are no longer at risk.
A repentant Miles rushes to save Marylin from Wheezy Joe, but Marilyn has already offered to pay him double to kill Miles instead.
There is a struggle; in the confusion Wheezy Joe mistakes his gun for his asthma inhaler, and kills himself.
Later, Miles, Marylin and their lawyers meet to negotiate a divorce.
Miles pleads for a second chance and retroactively signs a Massey prenup.
Realizing her own feelings for him, she tears it up, and they kiss.
Marylin then tells Miles that to get Donaly's help for supplying Doyle, she gave him an idea for a hit TV show, restoring his fortunes in the process: America's Funniest Divorce Videos, with Gus Petch as the host.
Casey Carlyle (Michelle Trachtenberg), a very smart and talented science student, plans to pursue a scholarship to Harvard University.
For the scholarship, Casey must present a personal summer project about physics.
While watching a figure skating competition with her mathematically inclined friend Ann, Casey realizes that her favorite childhood hobby, ice skating, would make a perfect project.
She decides to try to improve her own skating by applying physics and what she has discovered from watching other skaters.
She becomes proficient and skips two levels to become a junior skater.
She helps junior skaters Gennifer "Gen" Harwood (Hayden Panettiere), Tiffany Lai (Jocelyn Lai), and Nikki Fletcher (Kirsten Olson) improve their skating.
Torn between her Harvard dream and her growing love of skating, Casey has difficulty juggling schoolwork, skating, and a part-time job.
Joan Carlyle (Joan Cusack), Casey's mother, attempts to prevent Casey from skating due to her declining academic performance.
Meanwhile, tension arises between Casey's coach Tina Harwood (Kim Cattrall), a disgraced former skater and Gen's mother.
Tina, who manages the rink where Casey trains, has Gen on a strict training program.
During a competition where both Casey and Gen compete, Tina sees that Casey may outrank Gen, and attempts to sabotage Casey's performance by switching her skates.
Upset at this, and frustrated by all the restrictions of training, Gen quits.
Casey declines the Harvard scholarship competition to devote herself to skating to her mother's dismay.
Casey asks Tina to be her personal coach and help her train for sectionals.
Her mother, upset at this change of direction in her life, refuses to watch her skate.
At the sectionals, Casey's mind is not fully focused on the competition and she falls while attempting a triple salchow jump.
To her surprise, she discovers that her mother is in the audience.
Inspired, Casey gives a highly rated artistic performance.
The sectionals ends with Nikki going to the nationals and Casey becoming the runner-up.
Gen's brother, Teddy (Trevor Blumas), gives Casey flowers to congratulate her, and they kiss.
Later, Joan and Tina bicker about how many college courses Casey should take, Teddy and Casey's budding romance, Casey's sponsors, and Casey's future in figure skating.
The opening scene presents Terry Wolfmeyer and her daughters, with a friend, Denny Davies, attending a funeral.
About three years earlier, a flashback reveals, Terry had told her daughters that she thought their father, Grey, had left the family to be with his former secretary in Sweden.
After sharing the news with neighbor Denny, a retired baseball player turned radio talk-show host and fellow alcoholic, Terry progressively grows close to the man, with whom she eventually begins an intimate relationship.
Keen to help where he can, Denny helps Andy, one of Terry's daughters, to become a production assistant at the radio station where he works.
There she meets and starts a relationship with Shep, Denny's producer, a questionable character in his 40s.
Meanwhile, daughter Popeye, who is attending a private high school, finds herself attracted to a classmate, whose attention she fails to grab even after clearly declaring her interest to him (the classmate purports to be gay).
Emily's original wishes to attend a performing arts school to study dancing are superseded by her mother's request that she pursue university studies, which she starts at University of Michigan at Ann Arbor.
Hadley, for her part, announces immediately following her graduation that she is engaged to her boyfriend of three years, and pregnant.
When young Popeye asks Denny what his long-term intentions are concerning his relationship with her mother, Denny decides to broach the subject with Terry, only to be confronted by anger and accusations that he is trying to push her into a marriage for which she feels unready.
Weary and tired of Terry's ever-shifting moods, Denny storms out of her house; the separation is only temporary, though, as the two reconcile a short while later.
When a real estate deal involving both Denny and Terry finally goes through, construction begins in the area surrounding their homes.
A worker accidentally uncovers an abandoned, partially covered well, where Grey Wolfmeyer's body is found, revealing that he had never left his family.
Rather, he had accidentally fallen in the well and died.
As the story returns to the initial scene, the Wolfmeyers and Denny, now part of the family, leave Grey's funeral to reveal that Terry, while saddened and grieving, is coming to terms with her own and her daughters' life choices and, finally, finding some inner peace.
After being rejected by his girlfriend, Peter Rooker decides to audition for a small role in an upcoming local community theatre's production of "Cyrano de Bergerac".
Despite the fact that Peter has no experience or skill as an actor, the director casts Peter background character.
Peter soon becomes caught up in the various intrigues of the "theater people", including the charming but mercurial Michael Degan, the beautiful leading lady Grace Hargrove, and a cast of other eccentric players.
Gradually, Peter discovers that in the world of theater the normal rules do not apply &ndash; but in the end there is a role for everyone.
On opening night, the lead has not appeared, and the director asks Peter, who has never rehearsed the role, to play Cyrano.
At first, he declines, but then realizing it is his dream, he plays Cyrano with great success.
Stacy Holt (Brittany Murphy), an associate producer on a daytime talk show (syndicated out of Trenton, New Jersey), is convinced that her boyfriend Derek (Ron Livingston) is the right man for her, though he has an apparent phobia of commitment, and he's vague about his past relationships.
Taking the advice of colleague Barb (Holly Hunter), she looks at his Palm Tungsten C and its record of the names and numbers of three ex-girlfriends: a French supermodel (Josie Maran); a gynecologist (Rashida Jones); and a cook (Julianne Nicholson).
She sets up an interview with each woman, in an attempt to learn more about and get closer to Derek.
However, Stacy's plan suffers a setback when she develops a friendship with one of the women.
Stacy is eventually betrayed by Barb when Stacy, Derek and the ex-girlfriends are brought together on stage for a live broadcast during sweeps season.
During the show, Stacy comes to the realization that she is not the right one for Derek and lets him go.
On the way out, Stacy is met by Barb, who is clearly out of her mind.
Barb tells Stacy that her actions were not premeditated, goes on to call the "event" a masterpiece and says that she hopes Stacy will one day understand that she got what she wanted: her life back.
With a live camera behind her, Stacy responds with, "I should tear your eyes out right now.
But how will you be able to look at yourself in the morning.
", which the audience cheers on.
Stacy then departs from the studio as the camera stays on a humiliated Barb.
In the end, Stacy winds up earning her dream job working for Diane Sawyer and meets her idol, Carly Simon.
Mike Windgren works on a boat in Acapulco, Mexico.
When Janie Harkins, the bratty daughter of the boat owner, gets him fired, Mike must find new work.
A Mexican boy named Raoul helps him get a job as a lifeguard and singer at a local hotel.
Clashes abound when Mike runs into a rival lifeguard, who is the champion diver of Mexico.
He is angry at Mike for taking some of his hours, and for stealing his woman.
However, after Mike sees the lifeguard perform a number of dangerous dives, including flips and head-first dives into a section of the pool surrounded by a ring of fire, he decides to get even with him and eventually sets himself up to perform a death-defying dive off the 136-foot cliffs of La Quebrada in front of hundreds of people.
Mike dives off the cliff, and successfully lands in the water, earning the lifeguard's respect.
As the crowd and the lifeguard applaud, Mike performs one more song and leaves with Margarita and Raoul.
A couple, Fred (Henry Kendall) and Emily Hill (Joan Barry), living a mundane middle-class life in London, receive a letter informing them that an uncle will give them, as an advance against their future inheritance, as much money as they need to enjoy themselves in the present.
Immediately Fred quits his job as a clerk and they leave on a cruise for "the Orient".
Fred quickly shows his susceptibility to sea-sickness while crossing the English Channel.
In Paris, both are scandalised by the Folies Bergère.
As they cruise the Mediterranean, Fred's sea-sickness keeps him in bed.
During this time, Emily begins a relationship with a Commander Gordon (Percy Marmont), a dapper, popular bachelor.
Finally feeling well enough to appear on deck, Fred is immediately smitten with a German "princess" (Betty Amann), who hits him in the eye with the rope ring used to play deck tennis (a combination of tennis and quoits which was at the time widely played shipboard).
Both begin spending their time on board with their new paramours to the virtual exclusion of each other, and each plans to dissolve the marriage.
In Colombo, the couple accidentally and awkwardly end up next to each other in a rickshaw.
When the passengers disembark at the final destination of Singapore, Emily leaves with Gordon for his home.
When he reveals that the princess is a sham aiming to relieve Fred of his money, she realises she cannot go on with Gordon and returns to warn her husband.
Fred does not believe her at first, but soon discovers his lover has absconded with £1000 of his money to Rangoon.
He learns that she was merely the daughter of a Berlin laundry owner and a common street walker.
The couple have only enough money to clear their hotel bill and to book passage home to England on a tramp steamer.
However, Fred and Emily's troubles have not ended, as the ship is abandoned after a collision in the fog.
They are trapped in their cabin and prepare themselves for a watery end.
In the morning, however, they awake to find the ship still afloat, and escape through a porthole.
A Chinese junk arrives, and the crew proceed to loot the ship.
When Fred and Emily board the junk, they are left unmolested and even fed.
They finally return home, with their love for each other strengthened and seemingly wiser for their experiences.
In the last scene, back home in London, the couple are seen arguing in a manner reminiscent of their bickering immediately prior to the arrival of the fateful letter.
Charles Bonnet (Hugh Griffith) is a highly skilled art forger who pretends to be an art collector.
His daughter Nicole (Audrey Hepburn) disapproves of his forgeries and is afraid that he may get caught.
At the beginning of the film, he lends a renowned statue of Venus, ostensibly by Cellini, to the Kléber-Lafayette Museum in Paris as the centerpiece of an important exhibition.
However, the statue was forged by Nicole's grandfather and would fail even a basic analysis as to its materials and age.
That night, while Charles is at the exhibition's opening event, Nicole hears a noise.
She finds Simon Dermott (Peter O'Toole) holding a Van Gogh that her father made recently.
Accusing him of burglary, she aims an antique gun at him and accidentally shoots him in the arm.
To avoid an investigation around the fake masterpieces, she does not call the police, but instead cleans Simon's flesh wound and drives him to his hotel.
He suddenly kisses her goodbye outside.
Soon after, Nicole has a dinner date with wealthy American tycoon, Davis Leland (Eli Wallach).
She is suspicious of Davis, believing he knows her father is an art forger.
He confesses to Nicole he is obsessed with owning the Cellini Venus, and arranged the dinner in order to convince her to sell it to him.
Relieved that he doesn't suspect anything, she kisses him and tells him that the statue is not for sale.
The next day, an employee from the museum arrives at Charles's home and asks for Charles's signature on the million-dollar insurance policy for the sculpture.
After Charles signs it, the man reveals that Charles just agreed that the Venus will undergo a technical examination the following Friday.
Desperate to save her father from being caught and sent to prison, Nicole meets with Simon, believing him to be a burglar, and asks him to steal the Venus for her.
They both examine the museum's security measures, with Simon initially indicating he does not believe it is possible to steal the Venus.
On the night of the heist, Davis shows up again at Nicole and Charles' home before Nicole can leave to meet Simon.
Davis is so in love with the Cellini and desperate to acquire it that he asks her to marry him.
Not wanting to be late, she quickly takes the ring and leaves for the museum.
Nicole and Simon hide in a utility closet until the museum closes.
After making note of how often the guards check the museum, Simon sets off the security alarm surrounding the Cellini Venus using a boomerang he had bought at the park a few days before.
The guards and police rush in and check the museum, but upon finding that nothing is missing, they soon leave and reset the alarm.
Simon reveals that he knows that Nicole wants the statue stolen because of the technical examination the next day, and suspected that the statue was a fake because it resembled Nicole (it was modeled after her grandmother).
He only helped Nicole because of his feelings for her, and they kiss.
Simon then sets off the alarms again.
After realizing that nothing is missing, the frustrated guards decide the security system has malfunctioned.
Because of telephone complaints from high-ranking politicians in the area about the alarm, they turn it completely off.
Simon then steals the statue, Nicole hides it in a cleaner's bucket, and they escape through the basement in the confusion after it is discovered missing.
The next morning, after the news of the robbery has spread, Davis quickly looks for a lead on the missing statue, desperate to get to it at any cost.
He meets Simon, who says he will give the Venus to him, but that he can never mention the statue to anyone, or see Nicole again.
After Davis leaves, Nicole joins Simon at his table to celebrate the robbery.
Simon finally reveals to Nicole (who still believes him to be a professional burglar) that he is in fact a college-educated art expert and investigator hired by the world's largest galleries to strengthen security and uncover forgeries.
The Cellini Venus was, in fact, his first heist.
Later, at the steps of a private plane, Simon passes Davis the Venus.
When he opens the box, Davis also finds Nicole's engagement ring.
Simon assures Charles that the fake Venus is safely out of the country.
Charles is so relieved at the news that he's only momentarily disappointed when Simon tells him that the purchase price was, and will remain, zero dollars.
Simon and Nicole extract a promise from Charles that he will stop selling forged paintings.
Nicole and Simon get married.
As they leave the mansion, however, a South American collector who had enthusiastically admired Charles' new Van Gogh at the start of the film pulls up in a car and is warmly welcomed by the old forger.
Set in New Jersey during the Great Depression in 1935, the film tells the story of Cecilia (Mia Farrow), a clumsy waitress who goes to the movies to escape her bleak life and loveless, abusive marriage to Monk (Danny Aiello), whom she has attempted to leave on numerous occasions.
The latest film Cecilia sees is a fictitious RKO Radio Pictures film, The Purple Rose of Cairo.
It is the story of a rich Manhattan playwright named Henry (Edward Herrmann) who goes on an exotic vacation to Egypt with companions Jason (John Wood) and Rita (Deborah Rush).
While in Egypt, the three meet archaeologist Tom Baxter (Jeff Daniels).
Tom is brought back for a "madcap Manhattan weekend" where he falls head-over-heels for Kitty Haynes (Karen Akers), a chanteuse at the Copacabana.
After Cecilia sits through the film several times, Tom, noticing her, breaks the fourth wall, and emerges from the black-and-white screen into the colorful real world on the other side of the cinema's screen.
He tells Cecilia that he is attracted to her after noticing her watching him so many times, and she takes him around her New Jersey town.
Later, he takes her into the film and they have a great evening on the town within the film.
The two fall in love.
But the character's defection from the film has caused some problems.
In other copies of the film, others have tried to exit the screen.
The producer of the film learns that Tom has left the film, and he flies cross-country to New Jersey with actor Gil Shepherd (Jeff Daniels) (the "real life" actor playing the part of Tom in the movie).
This sets up an unusual love triangle involving Tom, Gil, and Cecilia.
Cecilia must choose between them and she decides to choose the real person of Gil rather than the fantasy figure of Tom.
She gives up the chance to return with Tom to his world, choosing to stay with Gil and have a 'real' life.
Then she breaks up with her husband.
But Gil's professions of love for Cecilia were false&mdash;he wooed her only to get Tom to return to the movie and thereby save his own Hollywood career.
Gil abandons Cecilia and is seen quietly racked with guilt on his flight back to Hollywood.
Having been left without a lover, job, or home, Cecilia ends up immersing herself in the frothy escapism of Hollywood once again, sitting in a theater watching Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers dancing to "Cheek-to-Cheek" in the film Top Hat, forgetting her dire situation and losing herself in the film.
Helen Quilley (Gwyneth Paltrow) gets fired from her public relations job.
As she leaves the office building, she drops an earring in the lift and a man picks it up for her.
She rushes for her train on the London Underground and misses it.
The plot then splits into two parallel universes, the other detailing what would have happened had she caught that train.
In the timeline in which she boards the train, Helen sits alongside James (John Hannah) (the man in the lift) on the Underground and they strike up a conversation.
She gets home in time to catch her boyfriend, Gerry (John Lynch), in bed with his American ex-girlfriend, Lydia (Jeanne Tripplehorn).
Helen dumps him and moves in with her friend Anna (Zara Turner), and changes her appearance to make a fresh start.
James continues to serendipitously pop into Helen's life, cheering her up and encouraging her to start her own public relations firm.
She and James fall in love despite her reservations about beginning another relationship so soon after her ugly breakup with Gerry.
Eventually, Helen discovers that she is pregnant.
Believing it is James' child, she goes to see him at his office.
She is stunned to learn from James' secretary that he is married.
Upset, she disappears.
James finds her on a bridge and explains that he was married but is now separated and planning a divorce.
He and his soon-to-be-ex-wife maintain the appearance of a happy marriage for the sake of his sick mother.
After she and James declare their love, Helen walks out into the road and is hit by a van.
In the timeline in which Helen misses the train, subsequent services are delayed; she exits the station and hails a taxi.
A man tries to snatch her handbag and injures her, so she goes to hospital.
She arrives home after Lydia has left and remains oblivious to Gerry's infidelity.
Unable to find another PR job, she takes two part-time jobs to pay the bills.
Gerry continues to juggle the two women in his life.
Lydia, wanting Gerry for herself, makes increasingly aggressive attempts to torment Helen and dropping clues of their affair to her.
Helen suspects Gerry of infidelity, but later discovers that she is pregnant.
She receives a phone call, allegedly for a job interview with an international PR firm.
She tells Gerry the news, but does not manage to tell him of her pregnancy.
Lydia calls Gerry to her apartment, apparently to break up.
Thinking Helen is at her interview, Gerry goes to see Lydia.
While at Lydia's, Gerry answers the doorbell and sees Helen standing at the door.
Helen is stunned to see Gerry, and Lydia drops the news of her own pregnancy to both.
Distraught, Helen runs off and falls down Lydia's staircase.
In both storylines, Helen is taken to hospital and loses her baby.
In the timeline where she originally boarded the train, she dies in the arms of her new-found love, James; in the timeline in which she missed it, she recovers and tells Gerry to leave for good.
Before waking, she sees brief visions of the alternate Helen's life in a dream.
In the final scene (now taking place in the original "missed train" universe), James leaves the hospital after visiting his mother, and Helen leaves after ending her relationship with Gerry.
They meet in the lift, and Helen drops an earring which is picked up by James, mirroring their first encounters.
Before the doors close, James tells Helen to cheer up, and repeats his line, "You know what the Monty Python boys say.
".
Helen (who, in the beginning of the film, assumed the rejoinder to be "always look on the bright side of life".
) says, "Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition".
The frame freezes as she and James stare at one another, each surprised by her response.
Happy-go-lucky advertising executive David Basner, who recently got a promotion at his Chicago ad agency, returns to work from a vacation.
He is carefree, until his parents split up, after 36 years of marriage.
It soon becomes apparent that he must care for his aging, bitter father Max, as well as support his emotionally fragile mother Lorraine, especially since his father has also just been fired from his 35-year career in the garment industry.
Although his girlfriend, Donna, is sympathetic, she also tells him he needs to "grow up", but Max fears that if he tried to be less child-like, his advertising work could be adversely affected.
At work, David is developing a commercial for Colonial Airlines, owned by the rich and bullish Andrew Woolridge.
A successful ad campaign would likely gain David a promotion to partner in his company.
David develops a relationship with Woolridge's daughter, Cheryl Ann Wayne.
His father is well aware of David's playboy nature.
Asking at one point whether his son is in bed with a woman, Max adds: "Anybody you know.
"  The parents separately each begin to rely more on David, frequently calling him on the phone.
His mother needs help moving to a new apartment.
His father needs to be driven to an eye doctor.
Late one night, David's mother calls to be rescued from a bar after going out on a date, having become frightened when the man tried to kiss her goodnight.
At the bar, David's mother confides that his father Max had cheated on her and humiliated her in their marriage.
An enraged David goes to confront Max.
Their argument ends with David saying: "Tomorrow I'm shooting a commercial about a family who loves each other, who cares about each other.
I'm fakin' it".
The next day, David is distracted by his problems with his father, affecting his work.
As a peace offering, David offers to take Max to a nightclub to hear some of his favored jazz music.
While there, David accidentally discovers that his father has been dealing with diabetes and his foot has gangrene.
Max must have surgery.
Beforehand, he and Lorraine share thoughts about their life together, and she condemns him for his treatment of her.
Alone, Max sobs in regret.
At the agency, Andrew Woolridge insists that David accompany him to New York to promote the new ad campaign for his airline.
David refuses, saying he wants to be with his father, who is scheduled for surgery.
After Woolridge complains, David loses his temper with this important client, and is fired.
The next day, David accompanies his dad to the operating room.
His boss Charlie is sympathetic and assures David that he will personally smooth things over with Woolridge, so David can take time to be with his father.
Max has two toes amputated.
When he goes home from the hospital, David pushes his wheelchair.
Max tells him: "You were the last person I thought would ever come through for me".
Later, David recovers his job and gets to show Max what his work is about.
The film revolves around four friends and their relationships with women.
Set to the background of upscale Manhattan bars, lofts and apartments, the guys engage in sharp banter and one-upsmanship.
The characters, Mark, a therapist (Jon Cryer); Runyon, a playwright (Tim Guinee); Josh, a playboy (Adrian Pasdar) and Phil, a plumber (Adam Oliensis), try (generally unsuccessfully) to sort out their troubled love-lives.
Mark and his girlfriend (Kristen Wilson) are hung up over moving in together; Runyon is hung up over his old girlfriend Kathryn (Dana Wheeler-Nicholson), who has moved to Los Angeles; the womanizing Josh is hung up on Phil's sister, Gina (Paige Turco), who has an abusive husband; Phil, who is married with children, finds himself hung up on an English interior designer (Kristin Scott Thomas).
The characters in the film spend much of their time trying to decipher the word "pompatus," wondering whether they are mis-hearing the lyrics: "Prophetess".
"Impetus".
"Profitless".
"Impotence".
"Pompous Ass".
Pom-pom tits.
Evangeline (Eva for short) Dandridge works for The Los Angeles Health Department as an inspector, a job most suitable for her bossy and perfectionist nature.
She and her sisters, Kareenah, Bethany, and Jacqui, have been taking care of each other since their parents died when they were young.
As a result of the combination of her personality and her family's circumstances, Eva's level of involvement in her sisters' lives causes a high level of tension between her and her sisters' significant others (Mike, Tim, and Darrell, respectively).
While the significant others are out at a bar complaining about how interfering Eva is, they come across Mike's old friend Ray Adams.
Ray is a "Master Player" who can handle even the most difficult women.
The guys hire Ray to seduce Eva and convince her to move away with him so they can finally be free of her meddling.
Little do they know Eva has already been offered a new job in Chicago.
After a disastrous first date, Ray tells the guys that Eva is too difficult for even him to handle and offers to return their money.
However, when he runs into Eva while at work delivering meat to local restaurants they make amends and begin a relationship.
Eva and Ray fall in love, and Eva even temporarily abandons her shrewish ways.
But when things start to get serious, Eva's sisters all start comparing their relationships to Ray and Eva's relationship, making things even worse than before.
After they find out about Eva's job offer, the significant others panic and attempt to break up the blossoming romance, claiming their wives never let them hear the end of the latest with Eva and Ray, and that Eva intends to stay in the city.
Things get so complicated that the men finally hatch a daring plan: kidnap Ray, lie to Eva about his death in an accident and cajole her into leaving the city.
Eva believes them and arranges a tearful funeral for her "dead" boyfriend, but in the middle of the service Ray appears, having escaped his prison, and the whole truth comes out.
An angry Eva dumps Ray, leaves the city and resolves to start a new life.
But Ray hasn't quite given up.
He shows up at Eva's job on a white horse and persuades her to forgive him.
She agrees to take him back, split up the inheritance, and apologizes for her interference in her sisters' relationships.
Lauren King (Diane Lane) is a book-smart 13-year-old American girl with an IQ of 167 living in Paris with her affluent family.
She spends her free time reading Heidegger.
Daniel Michon (Thelonious Bernard) is a street-wise 13-year-old French boy who lives in La Garenne with his father, a cabbie.
He loves Hollywood films and amuses himself handicapping theoretical wagers on horse races.
The two meet in the Château de Vaux-le-Vicomte, where a movie is being filmed, and fall in love.
Lauren's self-absorbed mother (Sally Kellerman), who consorts openly with her movie director boyfriend George in front of Lauren and her stepfather (Arthur Hill), fiercely objects to the romance, calling Daniel a "filthy French boy".
When Daniel punches George at Lauren's birthday party for making a crude innuendo about Lauren, the two are forbidden to date.
Lauren and Daniel meet Julius Santorin (Laurence Olivier), a quirky but kindly gentleman, literally by accident.
He bores Daniel but fascinates Lauren with stories of his life.
Julius and Lauren share a mutual love of the poetry of Robert and Elizabeth Barrett Browning, and he claims to have lived at one time in the Brownings' villa in Venice.
This leads Julius to tell of a tradition that if a couple kiss in a gondola beneath the Bridge of Sighs in Venice at sunset while the church bells toll, they will be in love forever.
Told that her family will be returning to America soon, Lauren hatches a plan to travel to Venice with Daniel.
With the help of Julius (they cannot cross the border without an adult) and 18,000 francs won on a horse race, the three travel by train but miss their connection to Verona after Julius gets into a conversation during the stop at the Italian border.
In the meantime Lauren's family discovers she is missing and spark an international investigation, believing Lauren has been abducted.
They hitch a ride with an American couple from Columbus, Ohio, the Duryeas (Andrew Duncan and Claudette Sutherland), who are touring Italy by car and also traveling to Venice.
In Verona the travelers go out to dinner together, where Bob Duryea discovers that his wallet has been stolen.
Since their winnings from the horse race were left on the train in Julius's vest, presumably they have no money either, but Julius offers to pay the bill with cash, perplexing Lauren and irritating Daniel, who suspects he stole it.
The following morning Lauren and Daniel leave the hotel early to visit places associated with Romeo and Juliet.
At breakfast, the Ohio couple notices Lauren's picture in an Italian newspaper with the caption "Dov'e.
".
Janet thinks it means "bird.
peace" but Bob deduces it's asking where she is.
Julius has also seen the paper and intercepts Lauren and Daniel on their way back to the hotel, angry that Lauren lied to him about going to Venice to visit her sick mother.
He angrily tells them that everyone now thinks that he is a kidnapper, for which "they will put me away" but can't bring himself to reveal that he has a criminal record as a pickpocket.
Because they can no longer go back to the hotel, they join a local bicycle race to escape Verona.
Julius soon falls behind and Lauren persuades Daniel to go back for him.
They find his bike abandoned and him collapsed from exhaustion.
Daniel worms his background out of Julius, who also confesses that he both picked Bob's pocket and stole the money for their train tickets, disappointing Lauren.
Lauren then reveals that she will be moving back to the United States permanently in two weeks.
She wanted to take a gondola to the Bridge of Sighs and kiss Daniel so as they could love each other forever.
She berates Julius by dismissing all his stories as lies.
Julius admits the truth of it but insists that the legend is not a lie.
Daniel says that he is still going to Venice, and Lauren and Julius join him.
In Venice they spend the night in st Mark's Basilica, sleeping in the confessionals, until a chance meeting with the Duryeas sets them on the run again hours before sunset.
Julius hides them in a movie theater and gives them his remaining cash, promising to return a half-hour before sunset.
As soon as they are inside, however, Julius turns himself in to police searching for them.
They fall asleep during the film and awake with just a few minutes remaining.
Julius is nowhere to be seen, taken to a police station, but despite being slapped around by an inspector, refuses to reveal their whereabouts until the bells of the Campanile have rung.
Not knowing where Julius is and with so little time, Lauren and Daniel run to find a gondola, most of which are booked by tourists eager to see the sunset from the canals.
When an unoccupied gondola appears, its gondolier quotes a fare of 15,000 lire, 3,000 more than Julius gave them.
Because his father drives a cab, however, Daniel knows how to cajole the gondolier into accepting what they have.
The gondolier takes them within sight of the bridge but refuses to go further just as sunset arrives.
Daniel pushes him into the canal and as the Campanile begins chiming, pulls the gondola towards the bridge hand over hand using the pilings.
With Lauren's help they set the gondola in motion and cuddle as the boat glides under the bridge.
While the bells are still pealing, Lauren and Daniel kiss and embrace.
In the police station, Julius finally reveals where Lauren is and what she is doing.
A few days later, Lauren is back with both her mother and stepfather, preparing to leave for home.
As she starts to enter the car, Lauren notices Daniel across the street, waiting to say goodbye to her.
Her mother starts to object but her stepfather tells Lauren to go ahead.
She and Daniel share a final kiss, pledging not to become "like everybody else".
Julius is sitting on a nearby bench and she bids him a tearful farewell.
Overcome with emotion, she runs back to her car.
Daniel follows the retreating car down the street, watching Lauren wave through the rear window.
A frustrated Parisian driver cuts in between them; Daniel jumps up so as he can see Lauren.
The camera freezes on Daniel's face and zooms in, Lauren's last memory of Daniel until they can see each other again.
Kate Moseley is a world-class figure skater representing the United States in the pairs event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
She has genuine talent, but years of being spoiled by her wealthy father Jack have made her all but impossible to work with.
Doug Dorsey is captain of theS.
ice hockey team at the same Winter Olympics.
Just minutes before a game, he and Kate literally run into each other at the arena.
During the game Doug suffers a head injury which damages his peripheral vision, and he is forced to retire.
Later in the Games, Kate's partner drops her during their program, costing them a chance at the gold medal.
In the next two years, while training for the 1992 Winter Olympics, Kate has driven away all potential skating partners with her attitude and perfectionism; her coach, Anton Pamchenko, needs to find another replacement, an outsider who doesn't know that Kate is spoiled and nearly impossible to work with.
He proceeds to track down Doug, who is back home in Minnesota, working in a steel mill and a carpenter on the side, living with his brother and playing in a semi-professional hockey league or hockey bar league on the side.
Desperate for another chance at Olympic glory, Doug agrees to work as Kate's partner, even though he has a macho contempt for figure skating.
However, Kate's snooty, prima donna behavior gets on his nerves immediately.
Their first few practices do not go well.
In time, though, their relationship grows warmer, and they learn to work together and become a pair to be reckoned with both on and off the ice.
They advance to theS.
Nationals, and despite strong performances in the short program and long program, they are on track to come in third-place, which does not advance them to the Olympics.
However, when one of the leading pairs falls during the competition, they advance.
At the finals at the Albertville Olympics, they look to be one of the top pairs competing for the gold.
Everything is going well until they realize that they have fallen in love with each other.
Karan (Saif Ali Khan) is a cartoonist and a self-styled ladies' man.
His daily comic, named "Hum Tum," explores the battle of stereotypical male/female behavior.
On a plane from Delhi to New York, he meets Rhea (Rani Mukerji) who doesn't seem to be interested in him.
His feeble attempts at flirting go nowhere, but when they have a stop-over in Amsterdam, she agrees to explore the city with him.
Karan quickly learns he has little in common with the feisty but proper Rhea, but he won't give up.
He ends their contentious time together with an unwelcome kiss.
Outraged, Rhea slaps him, and storms off, but Karan insists they'll meet again.
After a few months he spots her in a park in New York, and she makes a scene with his girlfriend (Shenaz Treasurywala), who turns out to be Rhea's childhood friend, which ends in their break-up.
Three years later, Karan is helping his mother plan a wedding that turns out to be Rhea's.
Rhea is marrying Sameer (Abhishek Bachchan).
They bicker again, but this time, they part on good terms.
Years later in Paris, Karan is visiting his father (Rishi Kapoor), when he runs into Rhea.
He learns from Rhea's mother (Kirron Kher) that Sameer has died in a car accident, and he sets out to help her reclaim her positive outlook on life.
Karan returns to Mumbai, and three months later, Rhea and her mother visit.
Sensing that she needs to be with a strait-laced, "boring guy," he conspires with Rhea's mother to fix her up with his shy best friend, Mihir (Jimmy Shergill).
But eventually Mihir falls in love with a friend of Karan's, Diana (Isha Koppikar) and they get engaged.
On the engagement night Rhea learns from drunk Diana about the conspiracy, and gets upset with Karan.
Mihir makes Rhea realize hers and Karan's love for each other.
That night Rhea and Karan consummate their relationship.
Karan deems it a mistake and asks Rhea to marry him as he feels he took advantage of her, and that marriage will rectify the mistake.
Rhea becomes upset, as she did not consider their actions a mistake; she realizes she loves him but tells Karan that they should not commit one more mistake by marrying for the wrong reasons.
Rhea leaves him since Karan projects his confused feelings as guilt rather than as love for her.
Karan realises his mistake, and goes out to find her.
One year later Karan's cartoon Hum Tum becomes a hit and he writes a book about Hum and Tum.
Basically the story is based on his lovestory with Rhea.
Rhea reads that book and finds him in the press conference.
Karan and Rhea reunite again.
Karan admits his love for her, and they get married and have a baby girl.
Set in the fictional town of Thayer, Massachusetts, the story focuses on Meredith Morton (Sarah Jessica Parker), a successful Manhattan executive whose uptight, conservative demeanor is a sharp contrast to that of her boyfriend Everett Stone (Dermot Mulroney) and his liberal and rambunctious family.
Meredith, feeling very much an outsider during the Christmas holidays with Everett's family, opts to stay at the local inn instead of with the family and asks her sister Julie (Claire Danes) to join her for support.
Everett finds himself attracted to the more outgoing Julie.
Meredith desperately tries to fit in, but her strained attempt to play charades and a clumsy effort to engage the family in a dinner table discussion about nature versus nurture and sexual orientation prove to be disastrous and their father, Kelly Stone (Craig Nelson), the most understanding of the family, blows up at her.
Distraught, Meredith attempts to drive off but crashes the car, and Everett's brother Ben (Luke Wilson) comes to comfort her.
The two end up at a local bar where, after several drinks, Meredith begins to enjoy herself.
She invites Amy's high school flame and local paramedic, Brad Stevenson (Paul Schneider), to the Stones' for Christmas breakfast.
The following morning, when she awakens in Ben's bed, she incorrectly assumes their night of revelry ended with the two having sex together.
Christmas proves to be a day of accusations, recriminations, self-discoveries, and attempts to mend fences.
Sybil (Diane Keaton), who originally refused Everett's request for his grandmother's ring, reconsiders her position and offers it to him; but, by now, his feelings for Meredith have shifted to her sister.
In a moment of emotional confusionor clarityhe asks Julie to try on the ring, and it gets stuck.
When Julie and Meredith lock themselves in the bathroom to get the ring off, they assume Everett is about to propose to Meredith.
The family exchanges gifts; and Meredith, oblivious to Sybil's failing health, presents each with a framed enlarged photograph of Sybil taken when she was pregnant with Amy.
Everyone is touched by her gesture, and Meredith relaxes slightly; but, when Everett asks to talk to her, she demurs again and again until she blurts out that she will not marry him.
He counters that he didn't plan to ask her.
Meredith breaks down in front of the family.
All the personality conflicts come to a head, and everyone begins the process of healing.
One year later, the family reunites at the Stone house.
Meredith and Ben are a couple, as are Everett and Julie and Amy and Brad.
Everett's brother Thad and his partner Patrick have adopted a baby boy named Gus, and Everett's other sister, Susannah, has had her baby.
It is hinted that Sybil died.
She is referenced as the family gathers with family Christmas ornaments around the tree.
The framed photograph of Sybil is on the wall next to the tree and Amy is wearing her ring.
Twenty-eight-year-old Jessica Stein, a copyeditor living and working in New York City, is plagued by failed blind dates with men, and decides to answer a newspaper's personal advertisement containing a quote from Rilke that she had read and admired earlier.
The advertisement has been placed by Helen Cooper, a thirtysomething bisexual art gallerist who is seeking a lesbian relationship to replace her unsatisfying and meaningless sex with men.
Given some of the men Jessica is shown to be test-dating at the start of the film, it's no surprise she'd want to fan out her prospects a little.
As nervous as Jessica is about dating Helen, she realizes after a surprise kiss that a different experience can be good.
Through the early part of their relationship, Jessica finds in Helen everything she'd dreamed of finding in a man.
They are compatible, they like many of the same things, and they are caring for one another.
Even when Helen gets sick&mdash;which she says earlier in the film never happens to her&mdash;Jessica is there to care for her.
The only predicament for the relationship is Jessica's nervousness concerning same-sex intimacy.
Over the early weeks of their relationship, she and Helen slowly work on building up her confidence in this area by gradually extended make-out sessions.
Eventually, they graduate to full intimacy, which is initiated by Jessica during an over night stay at her parents' home in Scarsdale.
In spite of Jessica's happiness with Helen, she keeps the relationship secret.
Jessica's secrecy means that she has to endure scenes that would not happen had she been open about the two of them.
One example occurs during a dinner to celebrate her brother's engagement.
Her mother had invited an IBM executive in hopes of setting him up with Jessica.
Helen and Jessica later get into a quarrel about Jessica's refusal to inform her family of their relationship, resulting in an apparent breakup.
It isn't until later, as her brother's wedding approaches, that her mother figures out that they are dating.
Her mother reminds Jessica of when she was little and had been given the lead in the school play, but after the first rehearsal, Jessica had deemed her co-star not to be up to the task.
She quit the play because she thought the play wouldn't be "the best ever".
Her mother says that she worries about Jessica having this attitude towards life, and that sometimes she thinks back to that night and thinks that if Jessica went on, maybe it wouldn't have been the best, but it might have been pretty good&mdash;and who knows, maybe it would have been the best ever.
She then tells Jessica that she thinks Helen "is a very nice girl".
This acceptance on her mother's part gives Jessica the confidence to come out in the open with her relationship with Helen, and invites her as her guest to her brother's wedding.
Helen quickly becomes popular with the other women at the reception, who don't seem to mind at all her lesbian relationship with Jessica.
At the same time, Jessica gets a love confession from her ex-beau and current boss Josh, who declares he's had feelings for her for a long time.
Jessica rejects him, explaining that she already has Helen.
Jessica and Helen move in together, but their relationship, while good in most respects, begins to suffer from a lack of frequent sexual intimacy.
Jessica's behavior towards Helen is more akin to that of a best friend rather than a sexual partner.
The relationship ends amidst Jessica's tears and Helen's realization that she wants more than Jessica is willing to offer.
After moving beyond the heartbreak, Jessica and Helen appear to remain friends, and it is suggested that Jessica might now have a renewed interest in Josh, after both have left the newspaper where they previously worked.
US.
Army Specialist 5 (SP5) Tulsa McLean (Elvis Presley) is a tank crewman with a singing career.
Serving with the 3rd Armored "Spearhead" Division in West Germany, McLean dreams of running his own nightclub when he leaves the army, but such dreams don't come cheap.
Tulsa and his buddies have formed a band and perform in various German "Gasthauses", night clubs, and on an Armed Forces stage.
In one bar, he even discovers the record "Blue Suede Shoes" sung by someone named Elvis Presley on a jukebox.
To raise money, Tulsa places a bet with his friend Dynamite (Edson Stroll) that he can spend the night with a club dancer named Lili (Juliet Prowse), who is rumored to be hard to get since she turned down one otherI.
operator, Turk (Jeremy Slate).
Dynamite and Turk have vied for women before when the two were stationed in Hawaii.
When Dynamite gets transferred to Alaska, Tulsa is brought in to take his place.
He is not looking forward to it, but must go through with it.
Tulsa uses his Southern charm and calls Lili "ma'am".
She at first sees Tulsa as another Occupation Duty GI.
Then after a day on the Rhine, Lili begins to fall for him.
Tulsa's friend Cookie, meanwhile, falls in love with Lili's roommate, Tina (Letícia Román) from Italy.
In the end, Rick's and Marla's baby son Tiger helps Tulsa win the bet for the outfit—and Lili's heart.
Deuce Bigalow, an insecure fishtank cleaner (aquarist), is fired for cleaning the tank at a public aquarium in the nude.
Deuce is unsuccessful in attracting women, so he attempts to keep himself busy at work.
On a house call, he meets an Argentinean male prostitute Antoine Laconte.
Antoine is going on a business trip, and so asks Deuce to care for his lionfish and protect his home while he is away.
Deuce accidentally sets Antoine's kitchen on fire when trying to make a grilled cheese sandwich in the toaster, and breaks an expensive fish tank.
Fearing Antoine will kill him, Deuce is forced to find a way to pay for the damage.
Low-rent pimpJ.
Hicks offers to help Deuce make enough money to buy a new fish tank, and convinces Deuce to take over the absent Antoine's role as a gigolo.
Deuce decides to make the clients feel better about themselves, since he only desires to have sex with beautiful women.
Deuce meets unusual clients but he still manages to get along with them, despite there being no sex involved, by helping them with certain issues in their lives.
The clients include Carol, a woman who is severely narcoleptic, Ruth, who has Tourette Syndrome with coprolalia, and therefore is afraid of socializing, Fluisa, an obese woman weighing close to 750 pounds, and Tina, another woman has a pituitary gland disorder and is extremely tall.
Deuce's list of clients gradually increases, with each client being satisfied by much more fulfilling measures due to his evasion of sex with them.
However, Deuce falls in love with one of his clients, Kate (Arija Bareikis), who has a prosthetic leg.
She later breaks up with Deuce when she finds out that he was a prostitute hired by her friends.
Meanwhile, Deuce is being stalked by Detective Chuck Fowler, who demands Antoine's "black book" of clients and threatens to take Deuce to jail if he does not comply.
Deuce eventually helps Fowler please his wife by stripping and erotically dancing for her, and the two make amends.
Deuce is still taken into custody on prostitution charges, as Fowler needs someone to bring in and Deuce's own refusal to betray his newfound friend,J.
(whom Fowler described as another person of interest aside Deuce due to his previous acquaintance with Antoine), by turning him in.
At the hearing, it is revealed that Deuce never slept with any of the clients except for Kate.
Since Deuce gave back the money to Kate and was not paid for sex with her, he is cleared of all charges.
Using the money he made, Deuce restores Antoine's fish tank, although due to time constraints he is warned that the glass may not be installed properly.
Unfortunately, one of Deuce's friends accidentally kills the prize fish in Antoine's aquarium.
Deuce buys a replacement fish and returns to Antoine's house just in time.
Antoine is suspicious, but cannot figure out why.
He taps the new aquarium and the glass shatters.
Deuce then reveals his prostituting adventures to the bemused and furious Antoine.
Enraged, Antoine tries to kill Deuce, and at one point shoots a crossbow bolt at him.
The aforementioned overweight client, Fluisa, shows up, comes between the two men, and saves Deuce's life (she is not killed because the bolt hits her breasts, between which she has hidden a roast chicken).
Antoine is then arrested by Detective Fowler, and Deuce marries Kate.
The end sequences continues to follow the epilogue, Deuce's father becomes a male prostitute, Fluisa underwent extensive liposuction and is now working as a model in Victoria's Secret known as Naomi, Ruth opens up an all girls school for Tourette's, Carol manages to fulfill her dream trip to France,J.
starts his own reality show dedicated to his experiences as a male prostitute and an incarcerated Antoine marries Tina.
Elvis Presley plays Ross Carpenter, a Hawaiian fishing guide and sailor who enjoys boating and sailing out on the sea.
When he finds out his boss is retiring to Arizona, he seeks to find a way to buy the Westwind, a boat that he built with his father.
Ross is caught in a love triangle with two women: childish, insensitive club singer Robin (Stella Stevens), and sweet Laurel (Laurel Goodwin).
When Wesley Johnson (Jeremy Slate) makes advances on Laurel, Ross punches him out.
Wesley owns the boat, so Ross thereby loses it.
Laurel, however, is not who she pretends to be.
Ross has to choose between her and Robin.
Marisa Ventura is a single mother trying to get by with her 10-year-old young son Ty by working as a maid for The Beresford Hotel in the heart of Manhattan.
When not in school, Ty spends time among Marisa’s fellow hotel workers, who think she is capable of being promoted to management.
While Marisa and fellow maid Stephanie are cleaning the room of socialite Caroline Lane, Stephanie convinces Marisa to try on a designer Dolce & Gabbana coat.
Lane had previously asked for it to be returned to the store and Stephanie argues that it “technically” doesn’t belong to anyone at the moment.
Elsewhere in the hotel, Ty befriends hotel guest and senatorial candidate Christopher Marshall, whom Ty learns has an interest in Richard Nixon, the subject of his school presentation.
Ty wants to go with Chris to walk his dog and the pair go to Caroline Lane’s room to ask Marisa for permission.
Chris meets Marisa who is wearing the designer coat, and is instantly smitten with her.
He assumes that she is Caroline Lane.
The trio spend some time together in the park.
Though Marisa and Chris are attracted to each other, Marisa is terrified that management will find out about the ruse and makes it a point to avoid Chris afterwards.
Chris asks the hotel’s head butler Lionel Bloch to invite “Caroline Lane” to lunch, but he is confused when the real Caroline shows up instead of Marisa.
Ironically, Marisa was present when she received the invitation and even offered Caroline some advice on what to wear for their “Lunch à deux”.
When the real Caroline shows up, Chris asks his assistant Jerry Siegal to find “the other Caroline Lane” promising that he will attend an important dinner and wishes her to go with him.
Jerry asks Lionel to find her.
Lionel, who has figured out that Marisa is the woman Chris has been looking for, tells her to go to the dinner and end the affair swiftly if she wants to keep her possible future in hotel management.
Stephanie and the hotel staff assist her in preparing for the evening by styling her hair and loaning her an expensive dress and spectacular necklace.
Marisa is unable to end the affair, and she spends the night in Chris's hotel room.
The next morning, Marisa is spotted by the real Caroline Lane and her friend leaving Chris' room.
Caroline blurts out the truth to the hotel management and Marisa is fired in front of Chris in Lane’s hotel suite.
Both Marisa and Chris spend some time apart with him still thinking about her and Marisa hounded by the press and her disapproving classist mother Veronica.
Some time later, Marisa has obtained another job as a maid at another hotel.
Chris is giving a press conference in the same hotel and Ty attends it and asks Chris whether people should be forgiven if they make mistakes, referencing former President of the United States, Richard Nixon.
Ty leads him to the staff-room where Marisa is having her break.
Chris and Marisa are reunited and the film ends with images of publications showing that Chris has been elected, he and Marisa are still together after one year, Marisa has started her own hospitality business, and Marisa’s maid friends have been promoted to management.
Pilot Mike Edwards finds himself in a dilemma, his partner and friend Danny, gambles away the money Mike had set aside to pay their debts.
Since they lost their money and a $1,200 debt, the local sheriff takes possession of their plane, Bessie, a Boeing-Stearman Model 75 cropduster.
If they cannot come up with the money in twelve days, Bessie will be auctioned off to the highest bidder.
Mike and Danny become reluctant hitchhikers, looking for a lift to anywhere.
They are picked up by apple farmer Walter Ling and his niece Sue-Lin.
They end up in Seattle, Washington, location of the 1962 World's Fair.
When the uncle is called away on business, Danny persuades Mike to take Sue-Lin to tour the local World's Fair.
It is during a visit to the doctor at the fair that Mike falls for Diane Warren, an attractive but stubborn nurse who resists Mike's advances.
He gives a quarter to a boy (a very young Kurt Russell who kicks him in the shin, so that he can be treated by her.
Diane's supervisor then convinces her to give Mike a ride back to his apartment, convinced his leg is injured.
Mike and Diane dine at the top of the fair's Space Needle.
However, he also courts Dorothy Johnson.
Complications then arise.
Walter inexplicably fails to come back the next day to get Sue-Lin, leaving her with Mike.
Sue-Lin feigns illness so that nurse Diane will come to their apartment and examine her and see Mike again.
When Diane discovers that Mike has no kinship to Sue-Lin, she wants to inform the Welfare Board so that Sue-Lin can be removed from Mike and Danny's apartment.
There is a mysterious nightfall plane delivery for Mike's and Danny's friend Vince, who is smuggling valuable furs.
The film ends with Mike and Diane in love.
Elvis plays the dual role of look-alike cousins Josh Morgan, a dark-hairedS.
Air Force second lieutenant, and Jodie Tatum, a blond hillbilly.
The film is set in the hills of Tennessee, in the Great Smoky Mountains, but is mostly shot on Hollywood sets and in the San Bernardino Mountains of southern California.
Josh, along with Captain Robert Jason Salbo (Jack Albertson), has to persuade the Tatums, his distant relatives on his mother's side, to sell their land to theS.
government so that it can be used as an ICBM missile base.
When he encounters the Tatums, Josh meets his double as well as two beautiful country cousins, Azalea and Selena (Yvonne Craig and Pamela Austin, respectively), who compete to win Josh's affections.
Josh eventually chooses Azalea and pairs off Selena with his friend Master Sergeant William Bailey (Tommy Farrell).
Jodie, on the other hand, falls for PFC Midge Riley (Cynthia Pepper), a beautiful but fiery WAC.
There are also a group of thirteen man-crazy mountain women called the Kittyhawks who create havoc.
Josh persuades Pappy Tatum (Arthur O'Connell) to sell one side of his mountain to the government as long as government employees don't come to Tatum's side, which means revenuers can not interfere with Pappy's moonshining.
The movie closes with a celebration song-and-dance featuring Josh, Jodie, Azalea and Selena.
Nightclub singer Rusty Wells (Elvis) and his band have just closed their engagement at the club where they work in Chicago, and are just about ready to leave for their annual spring break trip to Fort Lauderdale, Florida—that is, until the club's owner, Big Frank (Harold Stone), extends their stay at his club, foiling the band's plans for some sun and fun in Florida.
At the same time, Big Frank's daughter, college student Valerie (Shelley Fabares) also takes her spring break in Lauderdale with her friends, which worries her father to no end.
So at the suggestion of Rusty (who sees this situation as an opportunity for him and the guys to make Lauderdale after all), Big Frank hires Rusty and his band to make the trip to Lauderdale to look after Valerie to make sure she stays out of trouble.
But the task isn't easy, as Rusty and the guys struggle to keep sex-crazed Italian exchange student Romano (Fabrizio Mioni) away from Valerie, while at the same time Rusty has to keep explaining the situation to his date, a good-time girl named Deena (Mary Ann Mobley), who has no patience for guys who stand her up or keep her waiting.
Rusty's watch over Valerie eventually leads to the two of them falling in love (after Rusty walks Valerie to her motel room, serenading her with "Puppet on a String").
However, after Big Frank reveals to Valerie that he is paying Rusty to be her chaperone, Valerie becomes angry and devastated to the point of going to a local nightclub, getting drunk, and starting a riot, landing everyone there in jail.
When Big Frank arrives in Lauderdale to spring Valerie from jail, he is angry with Rusty at first.
But after he sees that Valerie has fallen in love with Rusty, Big Frank makes amends with Rusty, allowing Rusty and Valerie to once again rekindle their relationship.
Rick Richards (Presley) returns to his home in Hawaii after being fired from his job as an airline pilot.
He and his buddy Danny Kohana (James Shigeta) go into the helicopter charter business together.
But Rick's reckless flying and his careless negotiations with local women may cost Rick the business and Danny his home.
Disaster looms as Danny becomes overdue on a flight after Rick has been grounded by government officials.
Rick must decide if he should risk losing his license forever by going to look for his friend.
Scott Heyward (Presley) rebels against the plans and expectations of his father, extremely rich oil tycoon Duster Heyward (Gregory).
Scott abandons his family, driving to Florida in his shiny red 1959 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray Racer to find himself.
When Scott stops for gas and refreshments, he encounters Tom Wilson (Hutchins), who is on his way to take a job as a waterskiing instructor at a Miami hotel.
Scott and Tom make small talk, and a chance remark by Tom gives Scott an idea: He switches identities with Tom so he can find out how people react to him as an ordinary person rather than a millionaire.
Tom has fun staying at the same hotel and pretending he is rich.
Shortly after, hotel guest Dianne Carter (Fabares) insists on taking a lesson minutes after Scott checks in with his new "employer".
However, once they are out on the water, Dianne proves herself to be an expert skier, performing fancy maneuvers to gain the attention of wealthy young playboy James Jamison III (Bixby).
Later, Dianne confesses to Scott that she is a gold digger, assuming that he is one, too.
Scott agrees to help Dianne land Jamison, but ends up falling for her himself.
Scott persuades boat builder Sam Burton (Merrill) to allow him to rebuild the Rawhide, a damaged high-performance boat, and drive it in the annual Orange Bowl Race, which Jamison has won the last three years.
Scott sends for some "goop", an experimental coating his father spent a lot of money trying (and failing) to perfect.
Between his day job and moonlighting as a chemist, Scott is run ragged, but he manages to (hopefully) fix goop's major flaw: losing its strength in water.
With no time for testing before the race, he applies it to the boat's hull and prays it will hold the Rawhide together.
Duster learns where his son is and comes to see what he is doing.
To Scott's surprise, his father is enormously proud of what he has accomplished.
Meanwhile, Jamison proposes to Dianne.
Scott barges into the suite before she can give Jamison an answer, but the obviously jealous playboy informs Scott they are getting married right after he wins the race.
In the race, Jamison takes the lead in his boat, the Scarlet Lady, but Scott passes him at the finish line.
Dianne decides to give up her scheme and return home.
Scott then offers to give Dianne a lift.
On the drive, he gives her an engagement ring he bought with the winnings from the race.
Dianne insists that Scott take it back, but agrees to marry him.
This prompts Scott to confess to Dianne who he really is.
She does not believe him at first, but when he shows her his driver's license as proof, she faints.
By the terms of her late father's will, spoiled London heiress Epifania Ognissanti di Parerga, the richest woman in the world, cannot marry unless her prospective husband is able to turn £500 into £15,000 within a three-month period.
When Epifania becomes smitten with Alastair, a muscular tennis player, she rigs the contest by giving him £500 in stock and then buying it back for £15,000.
Alastair is unable to live with the domineering Epifania, however, and leaves her for the more domestic Polly Smith.
Contemplating suicide, Epifania melodramatically plunges into the Thames, and when dr Ahmed el Kabir, a self-effacing, selfless Indian physician who runs an inadequately equipped clinic for the poor, ignores her plight and paddles past in his rowboat, she swims to shore and accuses him of being an assassin.
Julius Sagamore, the shrewd family solicitor, then suggests that Epifania undergo therapy with noted society psychiatrist Adrian Bond.
The opportunist Bond makes a bid for her hand, but after he criticises her father, Epifania throws him into the Thames, and when Kabir rows out to help Bond, Epifania jumps in the river after him.
To ensnare Kabir, Epifania feigns injury, but the dedicated doctor remains impervious to her charms and indifferent to her wealth.
Determined to win the doctor, Epifania buys the property surrounding his clinic and then erects a new, modern facility.
After Kabir rejects Epifania's offer to run the facility, she suggests that they marry instead.
Intimidated by the headstrong heiress, Kabir manufactures a deathbed promise that he made to his mother, pledging that he would not marry unless his prospective bride can take 35 shillings and earn her own living for three months.
Undaunted, Epifania accepts his challenge and then discloses the details of her father's will and hands him £500.
When Kabir protests that he has no head for money, Epifania plops down the wad of bills and leaves.
Setting out to prove her worth, Epifania takes 35 shillings and heads for a sweatshop pasta factory.
There, she threatens to expose the labour violations unless Joe, the proprietor, allows her to manage the plant.
Three months later, Epifania has installed labour-saving machines, thus boosting productivity and making the plant a big success.
Kabir, meanwhile, has tried in vain to give away his £500.
After Kabir becomes drunk at a scientific dinner hosted by a wealthy doctor, he finds a sympathetic ear in his former professor and mentor, who generously offers to accept his money.
At the clinic, Kabir eagerly turns over the cash to the professor.
Soon after the professor leaves, Epifania appears and informs Kabir that she has met his mother's challenge.
When he replies that he has failed and given all the money away, Epifania is deeply offended.
Deciding to turn her back on the world of men, she announces that she plans to fire her board of directors, disband her empire and retire to a Tibetan monastery once she has evicted all the monks.
Desperate to keep his job, Sagamore realises that Kabir is responsible for Epifania's erratic behaviour and goes to see the doctor.
At the clinic, Sagamore tells Kabir that Epifania has vowed to withdraw from the world at the stroke of midnight.
Concerned, Kabir hurries to the reception where Epifania is to bid farewell to her previous existence.
Certain that their marriage is now imminent, Sagamore meets the terms of the will by purchasing Kabir's medical papers for £15,000.
After Kabir rushes to Epifania, they kiss and he finally expresses his love.
Greg Nolan (Elvis) is a newspaper photographer who lives a carefree life — that is, until he encounters an eccentric, lovelorn woman named Bernice (Michele Carey) on the beach.
Bernice assumes different names and personalities whenever the mood hits her.
(She introduces herself to Greg as "Alice" but she's known to the delivery boy as "Susie" and to the milkman as "Betty".
)  After having her Great Dane dog, Albert (which was reportedly Presley's real-life dog Brutus, although Priscilla Presley has stated that it was a trained dog used for the film), chase Greg into the water when he insults her after a kiss, Bernice invites him to stay at her beachfront home.
She later manages to make him lose his job and apartment after drugging him, which leaves him in a deep sleep for days.
However, Bernice also manages to find Greg another home.
He wants to repay her so he gets two full-time photographer jobs: one for a Playboy-like magazine owned by Mike Lansdown (Don Porter), the other for a very conservative advertising firm co-owned by mr Penlow (Rudy Vallee).
The two jobs are in the same building, forcing Greg to run from one to the other (up and down the stairwell) without being detected.
He also must deal with Bernice and her eccentric ways.
In the tale, a spoiled princess reluctantly befriends the Frog Prince (meeting him after dropping a gold ball into a pond), who magically transforms into a handsome prince.
Although in modern versions the transformation is invariably triggered by the princess kissing the frog, in the original Grimm version of the story the frog's spell was broken when the princess threw it against a wall in disgust.
In other early versions it was sufficient for the frog to spend the night on the princess' pillow.
The frog prince also has a loyal servant named Henry (or Harry) who had three iron bands affixed around his heart to prevent it from breaking in his sadness over his master's curse, but when the prince was reverted to his human form Henry's overwhelming happiness caused all three bands to break, freeing his heart from its bonds.
A Russian folk version "Tsarevna Lyagushka" (The Frog Princess) has the male and female roles reversed: the male prince Ivan Tsarevich discovers the enchanted female frog who becomes Vasilisa the Wise, a female sorceress.
At a shareholders meeting for International Projects, a billion dollar corporation, John Blessington (John Williams) announces that he is replacing Edward McKeever (Paul Douglas), the company's founder, President and Chairman of the Board, who is resigning to work for the federal government in WashingtonC.
Laura Partridge (Judy Holliday), a minority stockholder with just ten shares of stock, drives its arrogant, self-serving executives to distraction with her incessant questioning during this and subsequent meetings.
Blessington comes up with the idea of hiring the struggling actress as Director of Shareholder Relations to keep her occupied answering letters from small shareholders.
He assigns her a secretary, Amelia Shotgraven (Neva Patterson), with secret instructions to obstruct her as much as possible.
The conscientious Miss Partridge, discovering there is nothing for her to do, decides to write the stockholders herself.
She gains Amelia's friendship and wholehearted assistance by helping her develop a romantic relationship with office manager Mark Jenkins (Arthur O'Connell).
When the directors find out, they fire Amelia.
However, Laura discovers that Blessington's thoroughly unqualified brother-in-law, Harry Harkness (Hiram Sherman), has driven a competitor into bankruptcy, unaware that International Projects actually owns the unfortunate company.
With that as leverage, she gets Amelia rehired.
Still determined to neutralize Laura, the Board decides to send her to Washington to persuade McKeever to give them some government contracts.
She agrees to go, with the secret intention of trying to convince him to return and take back control from his crooked cronies.
However, the company Directors recall that he has divested himself of all his shares and is thus powerless, so they brush him off.
McKeever takes them to court, arguing that Laura was an unlicensed, illegal lobbyist; but, when she is forced to admit on the stand that she had another, romantic, reason for seeing him, the case is dropped.
However, Laura has forged a warm relationship with many of the smaller investors while working at the company; they responded and sent in their proxies, giving her the right to vote their shares.
McKeever uses these votes to replace the entire Board.
He marries Laura.
In gratitude for rescuing the company, the shareholders make a gift of a solid gold Cadillac to the happy couple.
Beverly Calhoun (Davies) impersonates the Prince of Graustark to claim his birthright while he recovers from a skiing injury.
In the meantime, she falls for her bodyguard Dantan (Moreno).
The film is centered on Spencer (Bradford), who moves to Los Angeles and (literally) runs into Melora (Kirshner), the girl he's been in love with since he was a child.
Spencer is plagued by many obstacles in his new life: winning the girl of his dreams, finding success in his new job, and dealing with his two ambiguously-oriented roommates (Krumholtz and Goldberg), who are obsessed with making a pornographic film and submitting it to what they believe is a contest.
Ellen Arden (Monroe), a photographer and mother of two small children, has been declared legally dead, having been lost at sea in the Pacific.
Her husband Nick (Dean Martin) has remarried; he and his new wife, Bianca (Cyd Charisse), are on their honeymoon when Ellen, rescued from an island where she has been stranded for five years, returns home.
The family dog remembers her, but the children do not.
However, they take a liking to her, and invite her to stay.
Ellen assumes a foreign accent and pretends to be a woman named Ingrid Tic.
Nick, flustered by the revelation that he's now married to two women, makes great effort to keep the truth from his new wife all the while trying to quash her amorous advances.
Upon learning that Ellen was marooned on the island with a man, Stephen Burkett (Tom Tryon) — whom she knew as "Adam" to her "Eve" — he becomes jealous and suspicious of her fidelity.
To calm his fears, Ellen enlists a meek shoe salesman (Wally Cox) to impersonate her island companion.
Former President of the United States Monroe "Eagle" Cole retires to his vacation home in the town of Mooseport, Maine to escape from his ex-wife Charlotte.
Harold "Handy" Harrison is a commoner working as the local plumber of Mooseport, who also owns a hardware store.
Following the death of the town mayor, the town council decides to approach former president Cole about running for the office.
Cole agrees because, as it turns out, if he holds the office, his Mooseport house can serve as his office and, therefore, can no longer be divided up or sold off in his divorce settlement.
As a surprise to Harrison, his name has also been entered into the race.
When Harrison finds out Cole is running, he decides to withdraw, until he witnesses Cole make a pass at Handy's girlfriend of six years, veterinarian dr Sally Mannis, who recently broke up with him because he was taking the relationship too slow and had not yet proposed marriage to her.
Handy believes that, by becoming mayor, he can show Sally he is a mature decision maker and win her heart.
Tempers rise following the arrival of ex-wife and Cole campaign spoiler Charlotte.
Cole's team, led by long-time executive secretary and love interest Grace Sutherland and presidential aide Will Bullard, bring in strong support in the form of campaign strategist Bert Langdon, who becomes Cole's campaign manager as he complains of a dull existence since Cole retired from the presidency.
As the campaigns progress, Cole and Harrison both become obsessed with winning the race at all costs, although Harrison refuses to resort to any cheating schemes, making Cole realize that in all his years of running for elections this may be the hardest as he is taking on an honest everyman.
Eventually, on the night before the election, both candidates (for different reasons - Cole trying to get sympathy votes, Harrison wanting the campaign to end and believes Cole would be a better mayor than him) urge the voters to vote for the other candidate by saying that neither of them will vote for themselves.
Harrison keeps his promise, but Cole votes for himself anyway.
Upon the revelation that Cole won by one vote, his conscience gets the better of him and he concedes the match to Harrison.
However, Harrison lies that he voted for himself as well, and declines office, making Cole end up as mayor once again.
Harrison later reveals to Sally that he conceded the election because Cole needs the mayorship more than he does and that all he really wanted was to propose marriage to her, which he does.
As Handy is proposing to Sally, Monroe also proposes to Grace.
The film ends with Bert Langdon telling Handy that he ran an excellent campaign and offers to be his campaign manager for Governor of Maine, which Handy shows some interest in when he realizes a governor has certain authority over mayors.
Set in 1958, the coming-of-age story follows four Brooklyn teenagers known as The Lords of Flatbush.
The Lords chase girls, steal cars, play pool and hang out at a local malt shop.
The film focuses on Chico (Perry King) attempting to win over Jane (Susan Blakely), a girl who wants little to do with him, and Stanley (Sylvester Stallone), who impregnates his girlfriend, Frannie (Maria Smith), who pressures him to marry her.
Stanley agrees to marry her, even after finding out before the wedding that Frannie never was pregnant.
Butchey Weinstein (Henry Winkler) is highly intelligent but hides his brains behind a clownish front, while Wimpy Murgalo (Paul Mace) is a colorless follower in awe of Chico and Stanley.
People Will Talk describes an episode in the life of dr Noah Praetorius (Cary Grant), a physician who teaches in a medical school and founded a clinic dedicated to treating patients humanely and holistically.
The plot contains two parallel story lines: a professional-misconduct challenge brought against Praetorius by his more conventional colleague dr Rodney Elwell (Hume Cronyn), who dislikes Praetorius's unorthodox but effective methods; and the struggle of a distressed young woman named Deborah Higgins (Jeanne Crain), who falls in love with Praetorius while dealing with an out-of-wedlock pregnancy.
The film also highlights Praetorius's close friend and confidant, physics professor Lyonel Barker (Walter Slezak), who plays bass viol in the student/faculty orchestra conducted by Praetorius.
At the start of the film, Elwell has hired a detective to investigate Praetorius.
A housemaid (Margaret Hamilton) who once worked for Praetorius reacts visibly when Elwell asks her about Praetorius's mysterious friend mr Shunderson, who rarely leaves Praetorius's side and has a deep, intuitive understanding of human and animal nature.
Elwell's detective discovers that Shunderson was once convicted of murder, and Elwell calls for a misconduct hearing against Praetorius.
At the hearing, Praetorius explains that he started his career in a small town by opening a butcher shop as a front for his undeclared medical practice, because the people of the town didn't trust doctors.
Elwell accuses Praetorius of "quackery", but Praetorius defends himself with the fact that he was a licensed practitioner, describing how he was forced to leave town after his maid discovered his medical degree.
Praetorius refuses to answer questions about Shunderson, but Shunderson explains that he served 15 years in prison for the alleged death of a man who had tried to murder him, then somehow survived being hanged after actually murdering the man, who had gone into hiding during the first trial.
When he woke up, he was lying on a table in front of Praetorius, who was at that time a medical student examining what he believed was a cadaver.
Praetorius kept Shunderson's survival a secret, and Shunderson became Praetorius's devoted friend.
After this story is told, the chairman concludes the hearing in Praetorius's favor, and Elwell walks away alone and discredited.
Meanwhile, Deborah enters Praetorius's life, displaying signs of emotional distress.
After she faints during a lecture, Praetorius examines her and informs her that she's pregnant.
Upset by this news, "Mrs.
Higgins" admits that she's not really married.
The unborn child's father is dead, and knowing about her condition would be too much for her own father to bear.
In a hallway near Praetorius's office, she shoots herself.
After successfully operating on Deborah, Praetorius tries to calm her by telling her there was a mistake in her pregnancy test, but she has fallen in love with him, and becomes upset at her own embarrassing behavior.
She runs away from the clinic, forcing him to find her so he can tell her she really is pregnant.
Praetorius and Shunderson drive out to where Deborah and her father Arthur live, a farm owned by Arthur's brother, John.
Deborah and Praetorius hide Deborah's shooting incident from her father, who is a failure in life and lives unhappily as a dependent of his stingy brother.
Deborah is his only pride in life, which might become intolerable for him with a baby to take care of and his daughter's reputation ruined.
While showing Praetorius the farm, Deborah admits her love for him.
She also wonders why he is visiting and begins to suspect that he is attracted to her.
After she seductively interrogates him, they share a passionate kiss.
They soon get married, and Arthur comes to live with them.
A few weeks later, Deborah suggests to Noah that she may be pregnant, and he admits that she was pregnant all along.
She ruefully concludes that he married her out of pity, but he convinces her that he really did fall in love with her.
Elwell had purposefully arranged for Praetorius's misconduct hearing to be scheduled for the same time as the student/faculty orchestra's concert.
After the hearing and Praetorius' acquittal, the film ends with Deborah, Shunderson, and Barker in the audience watching Praetorius conduct the orchestra in the finale of Brahms's Academic Festival Overture : Gaudeamus Igitur.
Charlie Cantilini (Jennifer Lopez) is a temp/dog walker/yoga instructor and aspiring fashion designer from Venice Beach, California, who meets doctor Kevin Fields (Michael Vartan).
She thinks he's gay at first, based on a lie Kevin's former girlfriend Fiona (Monet Mazur) told her.
But then Kevin asks her out, and Charlie believes that she's finally found the right man.
Things start to go wrong when Kevin introduces Charlie to his mother, Viola Fields (Jane Fonda).
Viola is a former newscaster, who has recently been replaced by someone younger, and is in the midst of a meltdown.
Loathing Charlie from the outset, Viola becomes even more distraught when Kevin proposes to Charlie.
Fearing that she'll lose her son the same way she lost her career, she sets out to ruin Kevin and Charlie's relationship.
With Ruby (Wanda Sykes), her assistant, she tries everything possible to drive Charlie away.
Charlie eventually catches on to Viola's plan and fights back.
On Charlie's wedding day, Viola turns up wearing a white dress instead of the peach-colored dress specially made for her.
This leads to a violent stand-off between the two, leading with Viola refusing to accept Charlie and states she'll never be good enough for Kevin.
Suddenly, Viola's own dreadful mother-in-law, Kevin's grandmother, Gertrude Fields (Elaine Stritch), appears and they have an indignant argument, while Gertrude takes a liking to Charlie, saying she is stunning, her grandson is a lucky man, that she is an "exotic Latina", and if only her son, Kevin's father, was as lucky to find a woman like Charlie.
Gertrude's resentment of Viola bears a strong resemblance to Viola's feelings of animosity toward Charlie.
Gertrude even believes that Kevin's father had died years ago of "terminal disappointment", for which Gerturde holds Viola responsible.
Viola counters stating Gertrude "smothered him to death", because she thought nobody was ever good enough for him (basically similar to how Viola is).
Gertrude, satisfied she got her last word in, leaves; showing she still favors Charlie.
Charlie decides to back down as she witnesses Gertrude and Viola's relationship.
"Nothing's going to change", she laments to Viola after Gertrude leaves the room, "In thirty years that will be us".
Charlie exits to tell Kevin that the wedding is off.
But before that can happen, Ruby enters and talks with Viola.
Viola is miffed that Charlie compared her to Gertrude, although Ruby points out that Viola is actually far worse than Gertrude, as she doesn't ever recall Gertrude trying to poison Viola once, referring to earlier at the rehearsal dinner when Viola put crushed nuts (which Charlie is highly allergic to) in the meal's gravy.
Ruby points out that Viola's efforts against Charlie to make Kevin happy are unwarranted.
"Whatever made you think he wasn't.
" is her final point.
Viola has an epiphany and realizes that she wants Charlie to stay, and they reconcile, which ends the feud.
Charlie then explains to Viola that she wants her to stay, too, on one condition: if Viola accepts the boundaries Charlie needs, if she is present at any family event, and if she treats her children with love.
Charlie and Kevin then get married and when Charlie throws her wedding bouquet, Viola catches the flowers.
As Charlie and Kevin drive away to their honeymoon, the film ends as Viola and Ruby walk out of the celebration.
In the summer of 1963, Jeffrey Willis (Matt Dillon) joins some friends for a day of Gin rummy at the El Flamingo Club, a private beach resort.
There, he meets the girl of his dreams Carla Sampson (Janet Jones).
After the Gin game and being told of the club's strict policy regarding guests, Jeffrey is upset, but not for long, since he immediately landed a job as a car valet and eventually, cabana steward.
Jeffrey is a kid from a middle class Brooklyn family and his father (Elizondo) does not approve of him working at the private club.
His hero and mentor at the resort is the reigning Gin rummy card game champ, Phil Brody (Crenna).
Jeffrey, a winning Gin Rummy player himself, and his friends, admire Brody and how his wins at the Gin rummy table make him seem "psychic," knowing which cards to give up.
Brody also takes a liking to Jeffrey, eventually showing him his car business, and gives him hopes that car sales are where he belongs as a career.
Jeffrey gets further immersed in the "easy buck," defying his father's guidance.
During dinner, Jeffrey notably says he "will not be needing college" and plans to pursue being a car salesman instead.
Jeffrey and his co-workers at The Flamingo also venture to Yonkers Raceway together, risking cash on a horse tip but come up short when the trotter breaks stride.
Eventually, Jeffrey leaves home to pursue the sales job.
However, Brody, angry that Jeffrey disturbed him during a dance class, reveals to Jeffrey that the job opening at the car dealership is for a stock boy, not as a salesman as Jeffrey had been led to believe was his when he asked for it.
Brody encourages Jeffrey to take the stock boy position so he can work his way up.
Jeffrey becomes shocked at his mentor's actions and reconsiders college.
Near Summer's end, Jeffrey observes that a regular onlooker, "Big Sid", is feeding signals to Brody, the true cause of Brody's winning ways.
When Big Sid and a member of the gin team playing against Brody's team are overcome by the heat, Jeffrey fills in, opposing Brody, and seeking to help win back the unfair profits Brody won from his friends over the course of the Summer.
Jeffrey and his team eventually win back what was unfairly lost, including a good profit besides.
Realizing the mistakes he made in rejecting his father's good advice, Jeffrey makes up with his dad in a touching scene at Larry's Fish House ("Any Fish You Wish"), where his family is dining.
Don Lockwood (Gene Kelly) is a popular silent film star with humble roots as a singer, dancer, and stuntman.
Don barely tolerates his vain, cunning, and shallow leading lady, Lina Lamont (Jean Hagen), though their studio, Monumental Pictures, links them romantically to increase their popularity.
Lina is convinced they are in love, despite Don's protestations otherwise.
At the premiere of his newest film, The Royal Rascal, Don tells the gathered crowd an exaggerated version of his life story, including his motto: "Dignity, always dignity".
His words are humorously contradicted by flashbacks showing him alongside his best friend Cosmo Brown (Donald O'Connor).
To escape from his fans after the premiere, Don jumps into a passing car driven by Kathy Selden (Debbie Reynolds).
She drops him off, but not before claiming to be a stage actress and sneering at his "undignified" accomplishments as a movie star.
Later, at a party, the head of Don's studio,F.
Simpson (Millard Mitchell), shows a short demonstration of a talking picture, but his guests are unimpressed.
To Don's amusement, Kathy pops out of a mock cake right in front of him, revealing herself to be a chorus girl.
Furious at Don's teasing, she throws a real cake at him, only to hit Lina right in the face.
She runs away.
Don is smitten with Kathy and searches for her for weeks.
While filming a love scene, Lina tells him that she had Kathy fired.
Don finally finds Kathy working in another Monumental Pictures production.
She confesses to having been a fan of his all along.
After a rival studio has an enormous hit with its first talking picture, the 1927 film The Jazz Singer,F.
decides he has no choice but to convert the next Lockwood and Lamont film, The Duelling Cavalier, into a talkie.
The production is beset with difficulties, including Lina's grating voice and strong New York accent.
An exasperated diction coach tries to teach her how to speak properly, but to no avail.
The Duelling Cavaliers test screening is a disaster; the actors are barely audible thanks to the awkward placing of the microphones, Don repeats the line "I love you" to Lina over and over, to the audience's derisive laughter, and in the middle of the film, the sound goes out of synchronization, with hilarious results.
Don, Kathy and Cosmo come up with the idea to turn The Duelling Cavalier into a musical called The Dancing Cavalier, complete with a modern musical number called "Broadway Melody".
Cosmo, inspired by a scene in The Duelling Cavalier where Lina's voice was out of sync, suggests that they dub Lina's voice with Kathy'sF.
approves the idea but tells them not to inform Lina about the dubbing.
When Lina finds out, she is infuriated.
She becomes even angrier when she discovers thatF.
intends to give Kathy a screen credit and a big publicity buildup afterward.
Lina threatens to sueF.
unless he orders Kathy to continue working uncredited as Lina's voiceF.
reluctantly agrees to her demands, as a clause in her contract states that she can sue whenever denied a role of her choosing.
The premiere of The Dancing Cavalier is a tremendous success.
When the audience clamors for Lina to sing live, Don, Cosmo, andF.
tell her to lip sync into the microphone while Kathy, hidden behind the curtain, sings into a second one.
While Lina is "singing," Don, Cosmo andF.
gleefully raise the curtain.
Lina flees.
A distressed Kathy tries to run away as well, but Don proudly announces to the audience that she's "the real star of the film".
Later, Kathy and Don kiss in front of a billboard for their new film, Singin' in the Rain.
Lieutenant Commander Charlie Madison (James Garner), United States Naval Reserve, is a cynical and highly efficient adjutant to Rear Admiral William Jessup (Melvyn Douglas) in London in 1944.
Madison's job as a dog robber is to keep his boss and other high-ranking officers supplied with luxury goods and amiable Englishwomen.
He falls in love with a driver from the motor pool, Emily Barham (Julie Andrews), who has lost her husband, brother, and father in the war.
Madison's pleasure-seeking "American" lifestyle amid wartime rationing both fascinates and disgusts Emily, but she does not want to lose another loved one to war and finds the "practicing coward" Madison irresistible.
Profoundly despondent since the death of his wife, Jessup obsesses over the US Army and its Air Force overshadowing the Navy in the forthcoming D-Day invasion.
The mentally unstable admiral decides that "The first dead man on Omaha Beach must be a sailor".
A combat film will document the death, and the casualty will be buried in a "Tomb of the Unknown Sailor".
He orders Madison to get the film made.
Despite his best efforts to avoid the duty, Madison and his now gung-ho friend, Commander "Bus" Cummings (James Coburn), find themselves and a film crew with the combat engineers, who will be the first sailors ashore.
When Madison tries to retreat from the beach, the manic Cummings shoots him in the leg with a Browning.
45 pistol.
A German artillery shell lands near the limping-running Madison, making him the first American casualty on Omaha Beach.
Hundreds of newspaper and magazine covers reprint the photograph of Madison running ashore, alone (in reality trying to escape from Cummings), making him a war hero.
Jessup, having recovered from his breakdown, is horrified by his part in Madison's death.
He makes plans to use the heroic death in support of the Navy when testifying before a Senate committee in Washington,C.
Losing another man she loves to the war devastates Emily.
Then comes unexpected news: Madison is not dead but alive and well and at the Allied 6th relocation center in Southhampton.
A relieved Jessup plans to show him off during his Senate testimony as the "first man on Omaha Beach", a sailor.
Madison, limping from his injury and angry about his senseless near-death, uncharacteristically plans to act nobly by telling the world the truth about what happened, even if it means being imprisoned for cowardice.
Emily persuades him through his earlier spoken words to her to instead choose happiness with her by keeping quiet and accepting his role as a hero.
Attorney Harold Fine (Sellers) is having second thoughts about marrying his longtime girlfriend Joyce.
At his father's funeral, he encounters his brother, Herbie, a hippie living in Venice Beach.
Herbie's girlfriend, an attractive flower power hippie girl named Nancy, (Leigh Taylor-Young), takes a liking to Harold and makes him pot brownies.
Harold considers the trip a revelation and begins renouncing aspects of "straight" society.
He runs out of his wedding to live with Nancy, and tries to find himself with the aid of a guru.
Ultimately he discovers the hippie lifestyle is as unfulfilling and unsatisfying as his old lifestyle and once more decides to marry Joyce.
At the last minute, he again leaves her at the altar and runs out of the wedding onto a city street saying he doesn't know for sure what he is looking for but, "there's got to be something beautiful out there".
After finding success with a DNA restructuring formula in the first film, Sherman Klump has created another formula which enables those who take it to find the Fountain of Youth.
He has also met and fallen in love with a colleague, Denise Gaines, who has developed a method to isolate genetic material and later becomes his fiancée.
Together, their work has enabled Wellman College to receive a $150 million award from a pharmaceutical firm to the excitement of Dean Richmond.
Despite his good fortune, Sherman has a major problem: the personality of his vanquished alter ego, Buddy Love, is still ingrained inside him and causes him to act out in the same crass manner Buddy does.
After a few particularly unpleasant incidents, from Buddy kicking in, when Sherman sexually insults his own therapist trying to help him with it, then does the same thing to a woman walking a dog, and later during a toast turns around and reveals that his father was fired rather than retired, and then when Sherman intended on proposing to Denise, but then Buddy kicks in and makes it a perverted sex request, causing Denise to become mortified against him.
Sherman heads to his lab where he uses Denise's methodology to isolate and remove the gene in Sherman's DNA where Buddy has manifested.
Determined to be rid of Buddy permanently, and despite of Jason warning him of potentially catastrophic consequences for his health, Sherman extracts the gene with from inside his body.
However, he does not dispose of the genetic material and as a result, Buddy becomes a sentient being when a hair from a Basset Hound who was Sherman's test subject finds its way into it and causes such a reaction.
To make matters worse, Jason's suspicions prove correct when Sherman discovers that, due to the extraction, his brain cells are beginning to deteriorate.
Realizing he needs to keep the youth formula out of Buddy's hands, Sherman stashes it at his parents' house.
Buddy, who is trying to sell the formula to a different company, quickly realizes where it is and steals some of it.
Buddy also doctors the remainder with fertilizer, which causes chaos at a demonstration the next day when a hamster Sherman uses to demonstrate the youth finding effects instead mutates and becomes an aggressive monster who violates Dean Richmond in front of a live television audience.
The humiliated Dean fires Sherman, who learns that his brain's deterioration has worsened from Jason.
Sherman then decides to end his engagement and break up with Denise.
In a last-ditch effort to secure the money, Sherman quickly works on a newer, much more potent formula while his mental faculties allow him to.
While he is doing this, Richmond confronts him about Buddy's actions believing the two are working together.
He leaves with Richmond and a tennis ball and head to the competing firm.
Meanwhile, a worried Denise discovers what has happened and that Sherman's brain damage has progressed to almost eighty percent.
Enlisting the help of Sherman's father Cletus, Denise heads for the firm Buddy is selling the formula to.
There, Sherman sets his plan into motion.
Taking advantage of the canine DNA that crossed with Buddy's, Sherman uses the tennis ball to play fetch.
The ball is covered with the new formula, which takes Buddy back to an infantile state and eventually to a glowing mass of genetic material.
The idea is for Sherman to suck the genetic material back into his body through a straw, thus putting his DNA back together and returning him to normal.
However, as Sherman is chasing what is left of Buddy, the glowing mass evaporates and thus Sherman cannot restore his intelligence.
Denise and Cletus arrive too late to save him, and seeing what has happened to Sherman, Denise breaks into tears.
As they go to leave, Sherman takes a look at a fountain in the lobby of the building and remarks that it is "pretty".
Seeing that the water is glowing, Denise realizes that the genetic material has reconstituted and that if Sherman drinks the water before it dissipates, he will be restored to normal.
Although reluctant at first, Sherman drinks two handfuls of the water from Denise's hand then Cletus dunks Sherman's head under the water to drink, and thus he is able to get his genetic makeup back in proper order.
The film closes with Denise and Sherman's wedding reception, with Buddy nowhere to be found.
Three beautiful American women come to Madrid and fall in love.
Susie Higgins (Pamela Tiffin) arrives and moves in with her old friend Maggie Williams (Carol Lynley) and roommate Fran Hobson (Ann-Margret).
Susie experiences a culture shock, when she is informed by Maggie and Fran that all rich, attractive men are taken, and all attractive but poor ones are too proud to take on American women.
It becomes clear to Susie that she is nothing like her roommates.
Maggie, for instance, is a secretary who has recently ended an affair and is now in love with her married boss Paul Barton (Brian Keith), much to the dismay of her co-worker Pete McCoy (Gardner McKay), a newspaper man.
Fran, an aspiring actress, flamenco dancer and singer, stumbles upon an attractive Spanish doctor dr Andres Briones (André Lawrence) and immediately falls for him, even though he does not seem to be interested.
While at the Museo del Prado, Susie catches the eye of wealthy playboy Emilio Lacayo (Anthony Franciosa).
Homesick, she is comforted by the kind words of Emilio and dismisses Maggie's warnings that he is a "corrupt, heartless man".
During a party, where Fran delivers a musical performance, Susie is surprised by Emilio's interest in another girl and his lack of attention for her.
Maggie is upset that a dance between her and Paul is interrupted by his jealous wife Jane (Gene Tierney).
She asks Pete for a ride home and learns his plans to leave Madrid for Paris, which is caused by his dislike of Paul.
Feeling that he is behaving too much like a playboy, Maggie admits that she thinks that Pete could be a great newspaper man if he tried.
The next morning, Susie attempts to take revenge on Emilio with a devious plan.
Fran offers to aid her, but when she crosses paths with dr Briones, she dismisses her friend to spend a romantic afternoon with him.
Briones criticizes Fran's mockery of her own career, though she rationalizes this by claiming that one should not be serious about a career that is going nowhere.
Hereafter, she claims that Briones has left her and that she is planning on returning to the United States.
Susie sets out to make Emilio believe that she is falling for him.
When he proposes marriage, she hastily accepts and rushes into the proceedings -- with the intention to scare him off -- much to his surprise.
Later that night, she confronts him about his playboy behavior, but Emilio claims that he has fallen for her.
At the office, Maggie discusses Pete's love for her and Paul expresses his dissatisfaction with current life.
It leads to a romantic embrace.
Pete walks in on them and storms off.
Paul wakes up Maggie that night with a phone call, saying he needs Pete for an assignment.
Maggie is upset that Paul assumes that Pete would be with her at night.
She throws a tantrum, blaming him for thinking that she is "easy".
Susie comforts her by informing her about her engagement to Emilio.
Then they find out that Fran has left the house.
They worry about her, without realizing that she is spending her final days at the beach in Malagá happily with Briones.
Fran offers to cancel her plane to stay with Briones in Malagá, helping him to save money for his clinic, though he has too much pride to ask her not to leave.
Fran returns home to Madrid, telling her friends that Briones was too poor to support her.
Susie is stood up by Emilio on an afternoon when she is scheduled to meet his mother (Isobel Elsom).
She decides to visit by herself, and is shocked that mrs Lacayo has no idea who she is.
The older woman apologizes for her son's behavior and explains that this is not the first time that Emilio misled a girl, leaving Susie heartbroken.
Back at home, Maggie runs to a formal party with Paul, where she is confronted by Jane for being Paul's mistress.
Maggie defends herself by claiming that Jane has lost her husband due to her lack of love for him, and when she furthermore expresses her pity, Jane slaps her and leaves.
Maggie gets drunk and allows Pete to take her home.
They are about to kiss when she passes out.
The following day, Maggie visits the office to inform Paul that she will return to New York with Fran and Susie.
Paul accepts the situation and even arranges a meeting with Emilio to make him realize that he has made a mistake with Susie.
On their final evening, the three women attend yet another party, where Paul announces his shift to New York.
The women decide to stay and are all reunited with their men, though Maggie ends not with Paul, but with Pete, who will be Paul's successor in Madrid.
The feud between Max (Walter Matthau) and John (Jack Lemmon) has cooled and both of them patch things up, and their children, Melanie (Daryl Hannah) and Jacob (Kevin Pollak), have become engaged.
Meanwhile, John is enjoying his marriage to new wife Ariel (Ann-Margret).
The spring and summer fishing season is in full swing with the annual quest to catch "Catfish Hunter," a rather large catfish.
However, the local bait shop closed after Chuck, the previous owner died, and Maria Ragetti (Sophia Loren) has purchased the property with the intent of converting it into a fancy Italian restaurant.
Irritated it will no longer be a bait shop, Max and John join forces to sabotage the restaurant.
They are successful at first with their practical jokes.
However, when Ariel learns what is going on, she tells John to apologize to Maria at once.
He eventually does, but falls asleep at the restaurant after drinking grappa.
Max and Maria begin dating due to their shared passion in fishing, while her mother Francesca (Ann Morgan Guilbert) dates John's father (Burgess Meredith).
To complicate things further, Jacob and Melanie call off their engagement due to stress from their parents' involvement.
Upon hearing the news, John and Max reignite their feud.
Ariel is stressed out because of it and leaves John.
At the restaurant, Francesca is worried about all the time Maria spends with Max.
She reminds her daughter of her five failed marriages and worries that Max will make it six.
After being convinced to take a long look at herself, Maria reluctantly stops seeing him.
Distraught over losing Ariel, John heads to the lake for his father's advice, but finds him dead.
Following the funeral, John and Max call off their feud again and John and Ariel reconcile.
After realizing that their own inability to properly plan a wedding is what drove their kids to call it off, they decide to set it right.
They help Jacob and Melanie reconcile (the couple later elopes), and manage to catch "Catfish Hunter" and release it, then clarify their own drama.
Max marries Maria, and on the way to their honeymoon, discover Max's one-eyed bulldog, Lucky, in the car with them.
Ragetti's is reformed so it will also be a bait shop.
The film begins with Finbar "Barry" McMullen standing at the grave of his recently deceased father, along with his mother, who tells him that she's returning to her native Ireland to be with Finbar O'Shaughnessy (after whom Barry is named), her sweetheart of long ago.
She tells Barry that while she gave Barry's father 35 of the best years of her life, she's going to start living life her way with the man she really loves.
Jack has purchased their parents' home and lives in it with his wife Molly.
Jack is torn between his love for Molly and his lust for Ann, a former romantic interest of Barry's.
Barry and the youngest brother, Pat ask to temporarily move in with Jack, to which he reluctantly agrees.
Pat plans to break his engagement to Susan, but becomes depressed when she breaks up with him.
After much pleading, Susan decides to take Pat back.
Pat then decides to end the relationship for good for Leslie, an auto mechanic.
They decide to head out to California together in a classic car that Leslie has been working on.
Barry shows no interest in a long-term relationship, until he meets Audrey, a woman whom he accuses of "stealing" an apartment that he was trying to rent for himself.
Though things do not go well between them at first, they warm up to one another and start a relationship.
Molly learns of Jack's affair after finding a wrapped condom in his pants as she is cleaning up after him one day.
She confronts Jack, but he refuses to discuss it.
Jack finally breaks it off for good with Ann.
He then returns home determined to rebuild his wounded marriage, but not before paying a visit to his father's grave, promising (in a voice-over) that he will be a better husband to his wife than his father was, pouring a bottle of Irish whiskey over the grave.
Barry decides to move in with Audrey and take their relationship to the next level.
The movie ends with all three brothers gathering at the family homestead with a newfound belief in love and a desire to not let the ghosts of the past stand in their way.
Hatari.
is the story of a group of adventurers in East Africa, engaged in the exciting and lucrative but dangerous business of catching wild animals for delivery to zoos around the world.
As "Momella Game Ltd".
, they operate from a compound near the town of Arusha.
The head of the group is Sean Mercer (John Wayne); the others are safari veteran Little Wolf a/k/a "the Indian" (Bruce Cabot); drivers "Pockets" (Red Buttons), a former Brooklyn taxi driver, and Kurt (Hardy Krüger), a German auto racing driver; roper Luis (Valentin de Vargas), a former Mexican bullfighter, and Brandy (Michele Girardon), a young woman whose late father was a member of the group; she grew up there and owns the business.
Their method (shown in several action sequences) is to chase the selected animal across the plains with a truck, driven by Pockets.
Sean stands in the bed of the truck with a rope noose on a long pole, and snags the animal by its head.
(For smaller animals, Sean rides in a seat mounted on the truck's left front fender) A smaller, faster "herding car," driven by Kurt, swings outside, driving the animal back toward the "catching truck".
Once the animal is snagged, Luis, an expert roper, catches its legs and secures it.
The animal is then moved into a travel crate and carried on a third truck, driven by Brandy.
The captured animals are held in pens in the compound, tended by native workers, until they are shipped out at the end of the hunting season.
In the opening sequence, the team chases a rhinoceros, but it attacks the herding car and severely gores the Indian, who has to be transported to the Arusha hospital.
While they are waiting to hear about the Indian's condition, a young Frenchman (Gerard Blain) approaches Sean about taking the Indian's job.
This offends Kurt, who knocks the Frenchman down.
Then dr Sanderson (Eduard Franz) says the Indian may die without a transfusion of rare type AB Negative blood.
However, the Frenchman has that blood type.
He agrees to donate his blood for the transfusion.
The group returns to the compound after celebrating the Indian's survival.
Sean is surprised to find a strange woman sleeping in his bed.
The next morning, she introduces herself as Anna Maria D'Alessandro ("Just call me Dallas") (Elsa Martinelli), a photojournalist sent by the Basel Zoo to record the capture of the animals they have ordered.
Sean is annoyed, but under the contract with the zoo they must accommodate her.
Dallas quickly makes friends with the others, especially Pockets.
She rides along on the group's catching runs, snapping pictures.
Dallas is immediately attracted to Sean, and (she thinks) he to her, but he treats her brusquely.
Pockets explains that a few years earlier, Sean was engaged to a woman who came to the compound, hated Sean's life there, and abruptly left him.
Ever since, he distrusts women, especially those to whom he is attracted.
The young Frenchman comes to the compound and, after proving himself a crack shot, is hired to replace the Indian for the rest of the catching season.
His name is Charles Maurey, but Sean dubs him "Chips".
His job is to ride with Kurt in the herding car, carrying a rifle in case an animal attacks.
The Indian returns, and urges Sean to forego catching any rhinos this season.
A "nice Belgian kid" was killed in an earlier rhino chase, as was Brandy's father; now the Indian was nearly killed.
He suggests there is a jinx.
Sean agrees only to postpone rhino to the end of the season.
Dallas makes some progress with Sean, but friction between them continues, especially after Dallas adopts first one, then two, and finally three orphaned elephant calves.
This leads to her adoption into the local Warusha tribe as "Mama Tembo" ("Mother of Elephants").
Chips and Kurt flirt with Brandy, but as things turn out, it is Pockets Brandy falls for.
This becomes clear to everyone on a day when the herding car flips over, dislocating Kurt's shoulder and cutting Chips up.
Brandy doesn't react much to their injuries, but when Pockets falls off a fence and wrenches his back, she is nearly hysterical with worry over his "injury".
Animal chases continue, with the group capturing a zebra, a giraffe, a gazelle, a buffalo, and a wildebeest.
They also trap a leopard in a baited cage.
When the herding car is mired during a river crossing, Chips shoots a crocodile that is threatening Kurt, and a strong friendship develops between them.
Pockets spends several days privately tinkering in the compound workshop.
He invents a method of flinging a net over a tree full of monkeys, which the zoos want.
His rocket-net is a success, catching over 500 of them.
With all other orders filled, the group catches a rhino without serious incident, and the Indian agrees that the jinx is broken.
The group goes to Arusha to celebrate the end of the season, but Dallas declines.
She is frustrated, because though she has had some intimate moments with Sean, he has never clearly declared how he feels about her.
When Sean urges her to join the group's excursion, she lashes out at him and bursts into tears, leaving him baffled.
The next morning, Dallas has vanished, leaving a farewell letter with Pockets.
Sean and the group rush to Arusha to catch her.
To help locate Dallas they take along one of the baby elephants, to track her by scent.
Not wanting to be left behind, the other two follow the truck to Arusha.
The ensuing chase ends when the elephants corner Dallas in a hotel lobby.
In the final scene, Dallas is again in Sean's bed when he enters the room, and they reprise the dialogue from their first meeting.
As before, Pockets also comes in drunk and again asks Sean "What is she doing in your bed.
" But this time, Sean announces "We got married today.
" After Sean herds Pockets out of their room, Tembo and his two brothers push their way in and break Sean's bed as the newlyweds try to figure out how to deal with them.
The film begins with a drunken and downtrodden Catholic priest telling his story to a sympathetic bartender (Brian George).
Father Brian Finn (Edward Norton) has been dedicated to his calling since he was a child and now shares the duties of a New York parish with an older priest, Fr.
Havel (Miloš Forman).
Rabbi Jacob "Jake" Schram (Ben Stiller), best friends with Brian since childhood, is the youngest rabbi at his Conservative synagogue; his lack of effort to find a Jewish wife often results in his mother, Ruth (Anne Bancroft) and other women of his congregation setting him up on blind dates, much to his dismay.
The two men show a close bond, even in their professions, where the two are planning the opening of a jointly sponsored community center.
In its earlier days, the friendship included a third party.
Via flashbacks and reminiscent musings, Anna Reilly (Jenna Elfman) is introduced: she met Jake and Brian in middle school, after beating up a bully who was picking on them.
The three became great friends, and enjoyed their childhood together.
Unfortunately, Anna's father got a new job that resulted in the Reillys moving to California, and ultimately she lost touch with Brian and Jake.
Sixteen years later, Anna calls her old friends out of the blue and the friendship is rekindled when her company temporarily reassigns her to a New York position.
Feelings quickly begin to run deeper than before, as Anna, despite her workaholic tendencies, is as vibrant as Brian and Jake remembered her; however, it is, ironically, the men's careers that prove to be the most problematic.
She and Jake begin sleeping together, but he is reluctant to be involved in a serious relationship with her because she is not Jewish, a fact which could compromise his relationship with his congregation and also with his mother (who disowned her eldest son - Jake's older brother Ethan - for marrying outside the faith).
Between the religious conflict and their desire to spare the feelings of their mutual friend, the relationship is kept mostly secret, resulting in both humorous and harmful complications.
As the months pass, both Jake and Anna's feelings for each other become stronger but due to the aforementioned issues, Jake still refuses the relationship as a serious one, despite Anna dropping hints to him about her having been recently taking a class (but refusing to tell him what kind of class it is), and her becoming visibly upset when they run into members of Jake's congregation while on a date and Jake introducing her only as "my old friend Anna".
Meanwhile, Brian is involved in his own test of faith as he struggles with his feelings for Anna despite his vows.
Apart from praying about the situation and discussing it with Fr.
Havel, he keeps these thoughts mostly to himself.
Brian begins misinterpreting Anna's words and actions (some of which are subtle signals to Jake as their affair is kept under wraps) and even has an erotic dream about her; he begins to seriously consider quitting the priesthood to pursue a romantic relationship with her.
Anna tells Jake that she wants things to be more serious between them and he does not respond well.
While the three have dinner one night with Jake's mother Ruth, Ruth has a private conversation with Anna, where she tearfully reveals that she knows about Anna and Jake's secret relationship.
Jake and Brian walk in on the ladies having a tearful moment, and later Jake and Anna have an argument over the religious issues complicating their romance, which ends in the two parting ways in frustration.
Anna calls Brian for comfort and he rushes over to her apartment.
Still unaware of what's been going on, he takes her tearful ramblings to be a confession of feelings for him, then kisses her and admits his love.
When she interrupts him, he first assumes it to be guilt based on his vows, but she tells him she is in love with Jake and finally admits that she and Jake have been seeing each other secretly for months.
Feeling embarrassed and rejected, Brian raids Anna's liquor cabinet, angrily cutting off her attempts to re-assure him and apologize.
He leaves and spends the whole night out drinking on the streets.
The next day, still drunk, Brian stumbles into Jake's temple and interrupts a post-bar mitzvah gathering, resulting in a confrontation with Jake that ends with the priest punching the rabbi.
He leaves and stumbles around the city, which brings the movie back to the very first scene with the bartender.
As the Community Center's grand opening approaches, along with the last days of Anna's East Coast assignment, the relationships begin to mend, first with Jake reconciling with Brian, followed by Anna reconciling with Brian shortly after.
A discussion between the two men prompts Jake to go to Anna's office building, with Brian shouting encouragement at him as he runs down the street.
Jake interrupts Anna's going away office party and manages to get her attention from a window in the building across the street and calls to explain himself and offer to set things right.
Later that evening, they surprise Brian in the middle of his karaoke number at the interfaith center, which looks to be off to a successful start.
Anna greets Rabbi Lewis (Eli Wallach) as he passes by and asks about their meetings together, referencing the class that Anna had told Jake briefly she had been taking, at which point it becomes clear that she had been taking classes to convert to Judaism.
She tells him she hopes to pick it up again as she is also now staying in New York, with Jake clearly thrilled.
The film ends happily with the three childhood friends posing for a photo together.
Michael Pappas (Peter Gallagher) and Cathy Featherstone (Daryl Hannah), a young couple from Chicago who have just graduated from college in the United States, have known each other about 10 years and have been together about half that time.
They vacation for the summer on the Greek island of Santorini.
When they visit a nude beach crowded with other young tourists, they are hesitant at first but find themselves getting caught up in the uninhibited energy and decadence that surrounds them.
Cathy reads a book of sexual techniques, then ties Michael to the bed and drips candle wax on his chest.
She comments that everyone thinks she's "such a Goody Two-Shoes" but she wants a little more adventure.
Michael, who says he has never been with another woman, keeps noticing Lina Broussard (Valerie Quennessen), a French archaeologist on temporary assignment at the nearby Akrotiri excavation.
One day, at the beach without Cathy, he gets his chance to talk to Lina and ends up starting an affair with her.
He then feels so guilty that Cathy immediately notices something is wrong, and he admits what he has done, insisting that he still loves Cathy.
Cathy is naturally disturbed by this, but tells him to get it out of his system, which he takes as permission to return to Lina.
Cathy then goes to a local bar intending to sleep with another man as a way to get revenge against Michael for cheating on her.
But in the end she chickens out after getting picked up by an amorous local boy.
When Michael comes home later after seeing Lina again, Cathy says she wants out of the relationship.
Cathy goes to Lina's home to confront her.
Lina assures Cathy that she does not intend to take Michael away from her, which seems to calm Cathy somewhat.
Lina and Cathy end up spending several hours together getting acquainted, and find themselves fascinated by each other's work — Lina's archeology and Cathy's photography.
Michael is confused when he learns that the two women are developing a friendship, but he quickly recovers and the three of them spend a few days gradually getting closer.
Cathy knows Michael is still sleeping with Lina from time to time, but seems to accept it, although she says it would be difficult for her to see them in bed together.
Nevertheless, she tolerates increasing signs of affection between Michael and Lina in her presence.
In a very tense scene one evening, Cathy encourages Michael to kiss Lina.
He gives Lina a light peck, but Cathy says it isn't convincing.
He gradually turns up the heat while watching Cathy intently for her reaction.
He then kisses Cathy, checking to see how this makes Lina feel.
The three end up spending the night together.
Lina moves in with them, and they continue enjoying the island paradise as a threesome.
Just as the fantasy seems to be a total success, the natural complications of domestic life, like who does the laundry or dishes, come to the foreground.
The three work through these problems, but then Cathy's mother (Barbara Rush) appears on a surprise visit, snapping everyone back to reality.
Cathy tells her mother she's never been happier in her life.
Although Lina claims to be bad at relationships and prefers just "screwing", the three actually seem to be falling in love all around.
Aside from Lina's comment that she prefers just "screwing," the sexually charged plot is underscored by a number of other instances of openly sexual comments and humor.
For example, when Cathy's mother comes to visit and is checking into a hotel on the island, the desk clerk asks a woman checking out "how many douches did you have ma'am.
".
The woman looks at the clerk awkwardly until her friend explains "he means showers".
Finding herself in an intense relationship, and uncertain about her future with them, Lina begins to fear getting hurt when the summer ends and the Americans return home.
They tell her it doesn't have to end, but don't go into any details.
To avoid getting too close to her new friends, Lina disappears with another young man, Jan Tolin (Hans van Tongeren), she met at the beach.
Cathy and Michael are distraught, and spend several days searching for Lina.
Eventually they conclude they won't find her as long as she wants to remain hidden.
But their memories of Lina loom over everything they try to do, and they can no longer enjoy their time on the island.
They pack up to return home, even though they have three weeks remaining prepaid on their rental.
Lina finds her fears are outweighed by her feelings for the Americans, and returns to reunite with them, only to discover they have already gone.
She races to the airport and intercepts them just as they are about to board the aircraft.
Overjoyed at seeing her again, Cathy and Michael return to spend the last three weeks of their summer with her.
Sylvia Scarlett (Katharine Hepburn) and her father, Henry (Edmund Gwenn), flee France one step ahead of the police.
Henry, while employed as a bookkeeper for a lace factory, was discovered to be an embezzler.
While on the channel ferry, they meet a "gentleman adventurer", Jimmy Monkley (Cary Grant), who partners with them in his con games.
Lawrence "Larry the Liquidator" Garfield (Danny DeVito) is a successful corporate raider who has become rich buying up companies and selling off their assets.
With the help of a computerized stock analyzing program called Carmen, Garfield has identified New England Wire & Cable as his next target.
The struggling company is run by the benevolent and folksy Andrew "Jorgy" Jorgenson (Gregory Peck) and is the primary employer in its small Rhode Island town.
After stubbornly insisting that no outsider can seize control of a business his father began, Jorgy is finally persuaded to hire his stepdaughter Kate (Penelope Ann Miller), a big-city lawyer, to defend against a hostile takeover.
Garfield is instantly smitten with the beautiful Kate, although he is on to her tactics and does not waver from his goal of becoming the majority stockholder of New England Wire & Cable.
Garfield tactlessly and unsuccessfully tries to seduce her.
Despite their antagonism, Kate finds herself attracted to Garfield's bold nature.
The takeover attempt begins to fracture the New England Wire & Cable family.
Kate's mother Bea (Piper Laurie) secretly travels to Garfield's offices to offer one million dollars in greenmail to Garfield if he'll go away, but he refuses, stating, "I don't take money from widows or orphans".
Trusted company president Bill Coles (Dean Jones), fearful that the takeover will leave him with nothing, offers to let Garfield vote his shares in the company in exchange for a million-dollar payout.
Garfield agrees, but specifies that Coles will get only half as much if his shares fail to make up the margin of victory.
Garfield concedes to Jorgy's offer to let the matter be settled at the annual shareholder's meeting.
Relying on the support of longtime friends and investors, Jorgy makes an impassioned plea to save the company, appealing to the traditions of manufacturing as opposed to the new breed of capitalism which Larry the Liquidator represents, in which buyers of companies create no products or jobs and are interested only in money.
The shareholders seem swayed by Jorgy's speech and boo Garfield when he gets up to give a rebuttal.
In his rebuttal, Garfield compares New England Wire & Cable to the last buggy whip manufacturer, arguing that even though the company's product may be high quality, changing technology has rendered it obsolete.
Rather than running a failing business into the ground, he contends that the shareholders should follow his lead and get what value they can from the stock before the company's inevitable demise.
At least when this company is liquidated, he says, they'll end up with a few dollars in their pocket.
When the vote is taken, the shareholders agree to give Garfield controlling interest in the company.
The margin of victory is greater than Coles' shares and thus he does not receive the full amount he betrayed Jorgy to get.
Back at home in Manhattan, Garfield finds himself uncharacteristically despondent after his victory, having realized he has lost his chance for a romance with Kate.
Just then, Kate calls.
She's been having discussions with a Japanese automaker that wants to hire New England Wire & Cable to manufacture stainless steel wire cloth for making airbags, something which will make the company profitable again.
An excited Garfield invites her to dinner to discuss it.
The film is set in London in June 1911.
George V will be crowned king on 22 June and in the preceding days many important dignitaries arrive.
Among those arriving are the 16-year-old King Nicholas VIII of Carpathia, with his Prince Regent father, Charles (Laurence Olivier), a secondary Prince of Hungary and widower of the Queen of Carpathia.
The British government realises that keeping Balkan country Carpathia in the Triple Entente is critical during the rising tensions in Europe.
They find it necessary to pamper the royals during their stay in London, and thus civil servant Northbrook (Richard Wattis), is detached to their service.
Northbrook decides to take the Prince Regent out to the musical performance The Coconut Girl.
During the intermission the Prince Regent is taken backstage to meet the cast.
He is particularly uninterested in engaging with the male actors and extremely interested in the physical charms of Elsie Marina (Marilyn Monroe), one of the performers, and sends a formal written invitation for her to meet him at the Carpathian embassy for supper.
Elsie arrives at the embassy and is soon joined by the Prince Regent, a stiff and pompous man.
She expects a large party but quickly realises the Prince's true intentions – to seduce her over a private supper.
She is persuaded not to leave early by Northbrook, who promises to provide an excuse for her to escape after supper.
The Prince Regent turns his back on her during the supper, taking phone calls and addressing matters of state.
He then makes a clumsy pass at her, to which she is accustomed and immediately rebuffs.
She pointedly explains how inept he is and that she had hoped the Prince was going to sway her with romance, passion and "gypsy violins".
The Prince changes his style and tactics, complete with a violinist.
The two eventually kiss and Elsie admits she may be falling in love, rebuffing Northbrook's promised feint to help her leave the embassy.
Elsie then passes out from the many drinks she consumed before, during and after her semi-solitary supper.
The Prince places her in an adjoining bedroom to stay the night.
The following day, Elsie overhears a conversation concerning the young Nicolas' plotting with the German embassy to overthrow his father.
Promising not to tell, Elsie then meets the Dowager Queen (Sybil Thorndike), the Prince's mother-in-law, who decides Elsie should join them for the coronation in place of her sick lady-in-waiting.
The ceremony passes and Elsie refuses to tell the Prince Regent details of the treasonous plot.
Nicholas then invites her to the Coronation Ball, where she persuades Nicholas to draw up a contract in which he confesses his and the Germans' intent, but only if the Prince agrees to a general election.
The Prince is impressed and realises that he has fallen in love with Elsie.
The morning after the Coronation Ball, Elsie irons out the differences between father and son.
Her honesty and sincerity have inspired the Prince to finally show sincere love to his son.
The next day, the Carpathians must leave to return home.
The Prince Regent had planned to have Elsie join them.
In eighteen months' time, his regency will be over and he will be a free citizen.
She reminds him that that is also the length of her music-hall contract.
They both realise that much can happen in eighteen months and say goodbye.
The ending is ambiguous, left up to the viewer to decide if they will meet again.
Richard (Branagh), an unsuccessful artist who builds primitive flying machines, attempts to fly from the roof of a London office building wearing homemade wings but fails, instead crash-landing and only being saved by a rescue squad.
As a result of his actions Richard is sentenced to community service, in the form of caring for Jane (Bonham-Carter), an ill-tempered, wheelchair-bound woman who suffers from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and has run off her previous caretakers.
Over time, Richard and Jane become friends, and eventually Jane asks Richard to help her find someone to lose her virginity to, explaining that she doesn't wish to die a virgin.
Reluctantly Richard helps her search for an appropriate partner, while spending his free time building yet another experimental flying machine.
Eventually the two settle on a high-priced male gigolo (Ray Stevenson) for Jane, who agrees to sleep with her for two thousand pounds.
As neither of them have that amount of money, they conclude that Richard must rob a bank to secure the needed cash.
Richard books a hotel suite for Jane and pays the gigolo five hundred pounds, promising the rest later.
As Richard leaves for the bank job, the gigolo lays a very nervous Jane on the bed, but she begins panicking and decides she no longer wants to go through with it.
Meanwhile, Richard likewise changes his mind, drawing his gun in the bank but then fleeing immediately, calling Jane's name.
He returns to the room and drives off the unhappy gigolo.
Richard and Jane are seen successfully taking a flight in Richard's flying machine, although it breaks apart on landing.
The pair are then seen in bed, implying that Richard has taken Jane's virginity.
Jane dies soon after, and the film ends with Richard placing a commemorative sign honoring Jane's memory on the wreckage of his flying machine.
Axel Nordstrom manages a glass-bottom boat tourist operation in the waters of Santa Catalina Island, California.
His widowed daughter, Jennifer Nelson, occasionally helps by donning a mermaid costume and swimming underneath his boat for the passengers' amusement.
One day, Jennifer accidentally meets Bruce Templeton when his fishing hook snags her costume.
He reels in the bottom half, leaving the irate Jennifer floating in the water without pants.
Jennifer later discovers that Templeton is a top executive at her new place of employment, a NASA aerospace research laboratory in Long Beach, where she works in public relations.
Templeton later recognizes Jennifer at the research laboratory and hires her for a new full-time assignment: to be his biographer and write his life story.
His real purpose is to win her affections.
There is a problem: the laboratory's security chief, Homer Cripps, after observing her mysterious behavior and curious, code-like phone calls, concludes that Jennifer is a Soviet spy.
To prove his suspicions, he has Jennifer put under surveillance by everyone at the lab.
When she learns of this, Jennifer sets out to turn the tables on the bumbling Cripps by pretending that she is a spy, a charade that eventually exposes a real spy.
Newton Davis (Steve Martin) is a struggling architect.
After building his dream house for himself and his longtime girlfriend Becky (Dana Delany) in his hometown, he is crushed when she refuses to marry him.
He is unable to bring himself to live in the house, and leaves it abandoned and with a debt he cannot afford.
Some time later, Newton meets a waitress named Gwen (Goldie Hawn) at a Hungarian restaurant.
Believing that she cannot speak English, he spills out his sob story about Becky and the abandoned house.
After the restaurant closes for the night, Newton learns she merely pretended to be Hungarian, and can speak English.
He walks her home, which turns out to be a few steps away.
They end up sleeping together.
The next morning, Gwen finds that Newton left in the middle of the night.
However, he unintentionally left behind the drawing of the house he'd built for Becky.
Interest piqued by the drawing, Gwen takes a bus ride out to see the house.
She is charmed by it, and decides to move in.
Gwen goes to the town's general store, where she charges her groceries to the "Newton Davis" account.
When questioned about this, Gwen, who it becomes clear is a natural liar, says that she is Newton's wife.
Gwen meets Becky, and spins a lengthy romantic story about how they fell in love, which surprises and impresses Becky.
Gwen also meets Newton's parents, who are heartbroken that Newton got "married" without telling them, but Gwen manages to smooth things over with them with her charm.
Soon after, Newton travels to his hometown and is shocked to see that his house is lived in.
When he finds out what Gwen has done he is initially furious, but he soon sees the potential in her being there.
Gwen starts creating all sorts of opportunities for Newton: mending his relationship with his parents, helping out with his career by befriending Newton's boss and highlighting his long-ignored talent, and making Becky jealous.
Newton and Gwen come to an agreement in which Gwen will help Newton win Becky, and in return she'll get all the furniture in the house.
Through their time together, Newton begins to rely more on Gwen beyond their agreement, and Gwen starts to feel attached to her life with Newton.
It is also revealed that Gwen became a compulsive liar in order to escape from what she feels is her own inadequate background, and that she has "changed" her life numerous times.
The film culminates with a reception held at the house in which the sub-plots of Newton's career, family and affections for Becky are brought together.
Annoyed with Becky for her superior and suspicious attitude, Gwen confronts her in front of everyone, accusing her of trying to win Newton back.
Gwen storms out of the house in tears, and Newton follows her, thinking it is still part of the plan.
Outside alone, Newton praises Gwen for her brilliance, but Gwen replies that she wanted their marriage to work.
Her feelings for him are apparent.
Newton watches, confused, as Gwen leaves.
Becky takes the opportunity to make a move on Newton, and asks whether all of Gwen's elaborate stories were real.
Newton answers that they were all true and chases after Gwen.
Newton stops Gwen as she is about to board a bus to leave town.
Although she resists, Newton follows her example and begins telling an outlandish romantic story of something they "did", which makes Gwen decide to stay.
The film ends on the note of Newton and Gwen being happily married and living together in the house.
As Newton and Gwen go into the house to have sex, the final spoken words are of Newton saying "I love you, Gwen" and Gwen replying, "Actually, it's Jessica".
At Middlebury College in 1969, four young friends, Annie MacDuggan, Elise Elliot, Brenda Morelli, and Cynthia Swann, are graduating.
As graduation gifts, valedictorian Cynthia presents the girls with matching Bvlgari pearl necklaces.
As the graduates take a commemorative picture of the four of them (presumably for the last time), Cynthia makes Annie, Brenda and Elise promise that they will always be there for each other throughout the remainder of their lives.
In the present time, the four friends eventually lose touch with one another, as evident when Cynthia (Stockard Channing) is tearfully gazing at the picture of the four of them on that graduation day.
Now wealthy and living in a luxurious penthouse, she gives her maid her own Bulgari pearl necklace (matching the three she gave to her friends on graduation day), and has the maid mail letters to them.
She later walks outside of the balcony of her penthouse in a floor length fur coat, a cigarette and a drink, and then commits suicide by jumping to her death after learning through the tabloids that her ex-husband Gil (whom Cynthia made wealthy through her connections, according to narrator Annie) married his much younger mistress the day before.
Her former friends aren't doing much better: Annie (Diane Keaton), meanwhile, is separated, suffering extreme self-esteem issues, and going through therapy with her husband.
Brenda (Bette Midler) is divorced, left for a younger woman, depressed, and struggling financially.
Elise (Goldie Hawn), whose husband also left her for a younger woman, is now an aging alcoholic movie actress who has become a plastic-surgery addict to keep her career afloat.
Shortly after Cynthia's funeral, at which the three remaining friends are reunited for the first time since college, Annie's husband, Aaron (Stephen Collins), leaves her for her younger therapist (Marcia Gay Harden) and asks her for a divorce after spending a night together (and leading Annie to believe it would reconcile them); Brenda has a rather unpleasant encounter at a clothing store with her ex, Morty (Dan Hedaya) and his younger and rather hateful mistress Shelly (Sarah Jessica Parker), and Elise finds out that her soon-to be ex-husband, Bill (Victor Garber), is requesting alimony and half of their marital assets claiming that Elise owes her fame to him.
Also, during a meeting with a director for a possible leading lady movie role, she discovers that she is only to play the lead female's mother; she later learns the lead female is Bill's current girlfriend.
Shortly thereafter, the three friends receive the letters that Cynthia mailed to them before her suicide.
After each one reads her letter from Cynthia, and feeling that they have been taken for granted by their husbands, the women decide to create the First Wives Club, aiming to get revenge on their exes.
Annie's lesbian daughter Chris (Jennifer Dundas) also gets in on the plan by asking for a job at her father's advertising agency so she can supply her mother with inside information, as payback for Aaron's unfairness toward Annie.
Brenda finds out through her uncle Carmine (Philip Bosco) who has Mafia connections that Morty is guilty of income tax fraud, while Annie makes a plan to revive her advertising career and buy out Aaron's partners.
However, as their plan moves through, things start to fall apart when they find out that Bill has no checkered past and nothing for them to use against him.
Elise, feeling sorry for herself, gets drunk which only results in her and Brenda hurling vicious insults at each other, and the women drift apart.
When Annie starts thinking about closing down the First Wives Club, her friends come back, saying that they want to see this to the end and Bill hasn't done anything blatantly wrong, but only as far as he knows.
As a result, the wives manage to uncover information revealing that Bill's mistress (Elizabeth Berkley) is actually a minor.
Deciding that revenge would make them no better than their husbands, they instead use these situations to push their men into funding the establishment of a nonprofit organization dedicated to aiding abused women, in memory of their college friend Cynthia.
The film ends with a celebration at the new Cynthia Swann Griffin Crisis Center for Women.
Annie narrates that Elise started a relationship with a cast member in her new, successful play, that Brenda and Morty reconciled their differences and got back together, and that when Aaron tried to get back together with her, Annie told him to "drop dead".
While outside the center Bill meets Shelly and the two start to flirt.
The film concludes with the three women joyfully singing Lesley Gore's hit "You Don't Own Me".
This sequence was choreographed by Patricia Birch and her assistant choreographer was Jonathan Cerullo.
Roberta (Rosanna Arquette) is an unfulfilled suburban housewife living in Fort Lee, New Jersey who is fascinated with a woman she only knows about by reading messages to and from her in the personals section of a New York City tabloid.
This fascination reaches a peak when an ad with the headline "Desperately Seeking Susan" seeks a rendezvous in Battery Park with the man who regularly seeks her (ie.
Jim, played by Robert Joy).
Roberta goes to Battery Park too, sees the woman (Madonna), and in a series of events involving mistaken identity, amnesia, and other farcical elements, Roberta goes from voyeur to participant in an Alice in Wonderland–style plot, ostensibly motivated by the search for a pair of stolen Egyptian earrings.
With both of them trying to locate Roberta, her husband Gary (Mark Blum) encounters the wild Susan.
Andy Stitzer (Steve Carell) is a 40-year-old virgin who lives alone, collects action figures, plays video games, and his social life seems to consist of watching Survivor with his elderly neighbors.
He works in the stockroom at SmartTech, an electronics store.
When a friend drops out of a poker game, Andy's co-workers David (Paul Rudd), Cal (Seth Rogen), and Jay (Romany Malco) reluctantly invite Andy.
At the game, when conversation turns to past sexual exploits, the group learns that Andy is still a virgin.
The group resolves to help Andy lose his virginity.
Throughout the next several days, the group's efforts prove to be unsuccessful, partly because all three men give Andy different and sometimes contradictory advice.
They take him to have his chest waxed, which he gives up halfway.
Cal advises Andy to simply ask questions when talking to women, which makes Andy seem mysterious.
His advice proves to be the most helpful, when Beth (Elizabeth Banks), a bookstore clerk, takes a liking to Andy.
Andy starts to open up, and begins to form friendships with his co-workers.
After running into his ex-girlfriend Amy in a speed dating event, David, who is still obsessed over her, has an emotional breakdown while making a sale.
Store manager Paula (Jane Lynch) sends him home and promotes Andy to fill in for him.
Jay attempts to quicken the process by hiring Andy a prostitute.
When Andy discovers the hooker is a male transvestite, he confronts his friends and tells them that he will manage a date with a woman on his own.
Andy lands a date with Trish Piedmont (Catherine Keener), a woman he met on the sales floor.
During Andy and Trish's first date, as they are about to have sex, they are interrupted by Trish's teenage daughter Marla (Kat Dennings).
Andy prepares to tell Trish he is a virgin, but Trish suggests that they postpone having sex.
Andy enthusiastically agrees; they decide to postpone it to the 20th date.
At work, Paula is impressed by Andy's salesmanship and promotes him to floor manager.
As Andy's 20th date draws closer, his friends begin to deal with the consequences of their lifestyles.
David, still spiraling in his obsession with Amy, has become disillusioned with sex and has taken a vow of celibacy.
Cal, worried about him, hires Bernadette (Marika Dominczyk), an attractive woman, to fill in for Andy.
Jay gets into an argument with an obnoxious customer (Kevin Hart).
He confides with Andy that his girlfriend Jill learned of his infidelity and broke up with him.
Andy comforts Jay, who says that sex can ruin a relationship.
Jill later decides to take Jay back (she is pregnant, and her misgivings about Jay as a father figure were what had spurred the breakup).
Andy and Trish's relationship grows, and Trish suggests that Andy sell his collectible action figures, which will earn him enough money to open his own store.
Later, Andy takes Marla to a sexual health clinic, where Marla reveals herself to be a virgin.
The counselor (Nancy Carell) remains sympathetic, while the other patients in the clinic laugh at Marla.
Andy admits that he is a virgin as well, but only gains ridicule himself.
On the way back to Trish's house, Marla tells Andy that she has known he is a virgin for a while.
She promises to let Andy tell this to Trish by himself.
On their 20th date, Andy is still reluctant about sex and resists Trish, upsetting her.
An argument ensues, in which Andy accuses Trish of pushing him into changing his life against his will.
He leaves for the nightclub where Jay is celebrating his girlfriend's pregnancy.
David finally relinquishes his celibacy and hooks up with Bernadette.
Andy gets drunk and, after running into Beth, goes to her apartment with her.
Marla convinces Trish to go and make up with Andy.
By this time Andy has sobered up and, after witnessing Beth's methods of foreplay, he starts to have second thoughts.
His friends arrives and encourage Andy to go back to Trish.
They leave together (except for Cal), and Andy returns to his apartment, where he finds Trish waiting for him.
He attempts to apologize, but Trish, having found various suspicious items in his apartment, is now afraid that Andy may be some sort of sexual deviant.
Andy tries to convince her otherwise and declares his love for her, but she leaves in alarm and disgust.
Andy chases after her on his bike, but collides with her car and flies headlong into the side of a truck.
Trish rushes to him in concern, and he finally confesses to her that he is a virgin.
She is surprised to learn that this is the reason behind his strange behavior, as she does not consider it to be important, and they kiss.
Later, Andy and Trish are married in a lavish ceremony with everyone in attendance, with a sidelong mention of Andy's action figures having sold for half a million dollars.
Afterwards, they consummate the marriage over a period of two hours and three minutes, transitioning into a musical scene where the characters sing and dance to "Aquarius/Let the Sunshine In".
Celia Amonte (Sofia Milos) is a Portuguese American widow who lives in New Bedford, Massachusetts with her daughter Vicky (Emmy Rossum).
The broke British card counter Charles "Charlie" Beck (Jason Isaacs) arrives in town to stay with and mooch off some wealthy friends and gamble at the local casino.
The friends are Daniel Vargas (Seymour Cassel) and his wife Lois Vargas (Theresa Russell).
One night, dining at a Portuguese restaurant with Lois, Charlie sees Celia singing fado, a haunting Portuguese form of song.
He is enchanted with her, approaches her, and is rebuffed.
Charlie later finds Celia's address in the phone book and goes to her house, where he encounters Vicky, whom he had met at the casino before.
Vicky agrees to help Charlie woo her mother in exchange for lessons on card counting.
This proves difficult, as Celia still longs for her deceased husband and has not dated since his death.
Larry Abbot (Wilder) and Vickie Pearle (Radner) are performers on radio's "Manhattan Mystery Theater" who decide to get married.
Larry has been plagued with on-air panic attacks and speech impediments since proposing marriage.
Vickie thinks it is just pre-wedding jitters, but his affliction could get them both fired.
Larry's uncle, dr Paul Abbot, decides that Larry needs to be cured.
Paul decides to treat him with a form of shock therapy to "scare him to death" in much the same way someone might try to startle someone out of hiccups.
Larry chooses a castle-like mansion in which he grew up as the site for their wedding.
Vickie gets to meet Larry's eccentric family: great-aunt Kate (DeLuise in drag), who plans to leave all her money to Larry; his uncle, Francis; and Larry's cousins, Charles, Nora, Susan, and the cross-dressing Francis Jr.
Also present are the butler Pfister and wife Rachel, the maid; Larry's old girlfriend Sylvia, who is now dating Charles; and Susan's magician husband, Montego the Magnificent.
Paul begins his "treatment" of Larry and lets others in on the plan.
Unfortunately for all, something more sinister and unexpected is lurking at the Abbot Estates mansion.
The pre-wedding party becomes a real-life version of Larry and Vickie's radio murder mysteries, werewolves and all.
The infamous vampire Count Dracula is expelled from his castle by the Communist government of Romania, which plans to convert the structure into a training facility for gymnasts (the head trainer declares that it will include Nadia Comăneci).
The world-weary Count travels to New York City with his bug-eating manservant, Renfield, and establishes himself in a hotel, but only after a mix-up at the airport causes his coffin to be accidentally sent to be the centerpiece in a funeral at a black church in Harlem.
While Dracula learns that America contains such wonders as blood banks and discotheques, he also proceeds to suffer the general ego-crushing that comes from life in the Big Apple in the late 1970s as he romantically pursues flaky fashion model Cindy Sondheim, whom he has admired from afar and believes to be the current reincarnation of his true love (an earlier being named Mina Harker).
Dracula is ineptly pursued in turn by Sondheim's psychiatrist and quasi-boyfriend Jeffrey Rosenberg.
Jeffrey is the grandson of Dracula's old nemesis Fritz (sic) van Helsing but changed his name to Rosenberg "for professional reasons".
Rosenberg's numerous methods to combat Dracula - mirrors, garlic, a Star of David (which he uses instead of the cross), and hypnosis - are easily averted by the Count.
Rosenberg also tries burning Dracula's coffin with the vampire still inside, but is arrested by hotel security.
Subsequently he tries to shoot him with three silver bullets, but Dracula remains unscathed, patiently explaining that this works only on werewolves.
Rosenberg's increasingly erratic actions eventually cause him to be locked up as a lunatic, but as mysterious cases of blood-bank robberies and vampiric attacks begin to spread, NYPD Lieutenant Ferguson starts to believe the psychiatrist's claims and gets him released.
In the end, as a major blackout hits the city, Dracula flees via taxi cab back to the airport with Cindy, pursued by Rosenberg and Ferguson.
The coffin is accidentally sent to Jamaica instead of London and the couple miss their plane.
On the runway, Cindy finally agrees to become Dracula's vampire bride.
Rosenberg attempts to stake Dracula, but as he moves in for the kill, the two fly off as bats together.
A check drops down by which Cindy pays off her (enormous) psychiatry bill to Rosenberg, to which he remarks: "She has become a responsible person.
or whatever".
Rosenberg keeps Dracula's cape - the only thing his stake had hit - which Ferguson borrows, hoping (since the cape makes the wearer look stylish) it will help him on his wedding anniversary.
The last scene shows Dracula and Cindy, transformed into bats, on their way to Jamaica.
A 19-year-old Ah Loong (who also called himself "Jason") is in charge of a stall selling unlicensed VCDs.
Contrary to the stereotype of his social standing, Ah Loong is an incurable romantic with an unlikely hobby: He loves to read and write poetry.
Quite content with being the Romeo of the slums, Ah Loong's life takes a sudden turn one day when a Malay schoolgirl, Orked, arrives at his stall while looking for films starring her favourite actor Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Love blossoms between Orked and Ah Loong, although there are social and racial pressures that stand in their way.
In the end, Ah Loong is involved in a motor vehicle accident while Orked is going to England to pursue her studies.
It is not clear if he lived or died until the sequel, Gubra which shows that Jason really didn't die.
After the credits finish rolling however, Orked is shown wearing a wedding ring sleeping beside Jason, who also has a wedding ring.
In Mukhsin, Jason and the adult Orked are shown to be living together.
However, the adult Orked is not called by her name in this scene as the young Orked is.
Josie Geller (Drew Barrymore) is an insecure copy editor for the Chicago Sun-Times who has never had a real relationship.
One day, her editor-in-chief, Rigfort (Garry Marshall) assigns her to report undercover at a high school to help parents become more aware of their children's lives.
Her first day at South Glen South High School is miserable.
Josie reverts to the old geek persona that ruined her first high school career.
She also has an unfortunate run-in with three obnoxious popular girls (Jordan Ladd, Jessica Alba, and Marley Shelton), and Guy Perkins (Jeremy Jordan), the school's most attractive, popular student.
Josie loses hope, but is reassured when a kind-hearted nerd named Aldys (Leelee Sobieski) befriends her.
Aldys, who loathes Guy and his gang, invites Josie to join The Denominators, a group of intelligent students.
Josie develops a crush on her English teacher, Sam Coulson (Michael Vartan), and becomes the top student in his class.
After reciting a romantic excerpt from Shakespeare to Sam, Josie has horrible flashbacks to when she read a romantic poem aloud in class to her high school crush, a popular boy named Billy Prince (Denny Kirkwood), who later asked her to their senior prom, making her dream come true.
However, on the night of the prom, Billy arrives with another girl and both of them hurl eggs and insults at Josie, humiliating her and breaking her heart.
One night while out driving with Aldys, Josie encounters Guy and his gang at a local hangout called "The Court" where promiscuity and underage drinking take place.
Her managing editor Augustus "Gus" Strauss (John Reilly) loses patience with Josie after a rival paper scoops The Court story, and orders Josie to become friends with the popular kids.
He arranges for her to wear a hidden camera, and soon the whole office becomes obsessed with her story.
Josie confides in her brother Rob (David Arquette) about her fears.
Rob, who was their high school's most popular boy in his teens, urges her to let go of her old self and start anew.
To help her, Rob enrolls as a student and becomes an instant hit.
He then uses his influence to draw Josie into the cool crowd, much to the dismay of Aldys.
Sam and Josie grow closer, but Sam struggles with his feelings as he thinks she's a student.
Guy and Josie attend the prom as Rosalind and Orlando from Shakespeare's As You Like It.
Anita, Gus and Josie's other co-workers watch through the camera and are overjoyed as she is voted prom queen.
As Guy dances with Aldys as an alleged act of friendship, the mean girls attempt to dump dog food over Aldys.
Outraged, Josie throws her crown away and reveals her true identity.
She praises Aldys for her kindness and warns the students that one's persona in high school means nothing in the real world.
Sam is hurt by her lies and states he wants nothing to do with her.
Also angered is Rob, who as a phony student received a second chance at baseball.
Josie, ultimately making amends, secures him a coaching job.
Josie vows to give Gus a story and writes an account of her experience.
In it, she admits she's never been kissed, describes the students of South Glen South, and avows her love for Sam; the entire city is moved by it.
She writes she will stand in the middle of the baseball field and wait for Sam to come and kiss her.
Josie waits, but the clock runs out with no sign of Sam.
On the verge of giving up.
cheers, then a booming roar, as Sam emerges to give her a romantic kiss.
As a clairvoyant, Marina awaits signs from beyond that her true love, whoever he may be, is waiting for her, somewhere.
When New York butcher Leo Lemke shows up on the tiny North Carolina island of Ocracoke, where Marina lives, she is convinced that he is the man predestined to be her husband.
After the wedding, Marina moves into Leo's blue-collar neighborhood, where she successfully commiserates with such eccentrics as withdrawn teenager Eugene, frustrated singer Stella Keefover, unlucky-in-love actress Robyn Graves, over analytical psychiatrist dr Alex Tremor, and closeted lesbian dress shop clerk Grace.
But what Marina fails to grasp about her powers is that she can see the future of strangers far more clearly than her own, and love is unpredictable no matter how many ways you have to look for it.
The film makes use of several phenomena that can be described as occult portents that meeting a love match is imminent or occult tools to help strengthen, seal or bring about love, luck and happiness.
These include the sudden "finding" of a ring that would serve as a wedding band, falling stars with twin tails, zig-zagged rainbows and found objects symbolizing a change in the finder's path that will cause it to cross with their beloved.
It also popularizes, as the character of Alex Tremor calls it, "a corruption" of a section of Plato's Symposium regarding soul mates, referred to in the movie as "split aparts".
In one scene, dr Tremor notes an aspect of Marina's visions, and Marina says: "Women have been burned for less".
This is a reference to the witch persecutions in Europe and America between the 15th and 19th centuries, the most famous of which were the Salem Witch Trials, although no "witches" were burned in the Salem hysteria.
Lastly, it also references common-use bastardizations of voodoo practices, such as "mojo" bags (or gris gris) and the use of chickens or toads.
Notorious real estate magnate and demolition baron Alonzo Hawk (Keenan Wynn) is ready to build his newest indoor shopping center, the 130-story Hawk Plaza in San Francisco.
His only obstacle is the 1892 firehouse inhabited by "Grandma" Steinmetz (Helen Hayes), widow of its former owner, Fire Captain Steinmetz, and aunt of mechanic Tennessee Steinmetz; her displaced neighbor, flight attendant Nicole Harris (Stefanie Powers); and their sentient machines: a 1963 Volkswagen Beetle known as Herbie, "the Love Bug;" an early 19th-century orchestrion that plays on its own; and a retired cable car from the defunct Clay Street Line, known as "Old No.
22".
mrs Steinmetz explains that Tennessee has gone to Tibet to visit his ailing philosophy teacher, while Herbie's former owner, Jim Douglas, has gone to Europe.
Hawk has made numerous attempts at evicting mrs Steinmetz, intending to imprison her in a retirement home of his own making; but Hawk's lawyers have been unsuccessful in these attempts, and when his lawyer nephew Willoughby Whitfield (Ken Berry) comes to visit him, Hawk sends him to mrs Steinmetz in their stead.
Having met the firehouse's inhabitants, Willoughby becomes disillusioned and decides to return home to Missouri.
Nicole also punches Willoughby in the face upon learning he works for Hawk.
She offers him a ride in Herbie, and Herbie goes berserk after Willboughy insults him twice, eventually taking the two to a car version of a joust tournament, which Herbie wins, earning Willboughy a whooping $300.
The two then go to lunch, but Nicole hits Willboughy with a broiled lobster when he spits out that Hawk is his uncle - after going through an uninterrupted monologue on all the horrible things Hawk has done, including building a parking garage on the very same lot where Joe DiMaggio and his brothers learned to play baseball.
Having lost him, Hawk attempts to capture Herbie; but when Hawk insults him, Herbie causes a series of traffic collisions and discards Hawk at his own office door, where Hawk orders his subordinates to capture Herbie again, followed by a policeman giving Hawk several tickets for traffic offenses.
While Herbie takes mrs Steinmetz to market, they are chased by Hawk's men; whereupon Herbie makes several daring escapes culminating in travel through the 1909 landmark Sheraton Palace Hotel and along a suspension cable on the Golden Gate Bridge, leaving mrs Steinmetz unfazed of his activity throughout.
Willoughby having decided to go home in disguise, he is convinced by Nicole to stay after she hears him criticize his uncle while talking to his mother on the telephone.
On their return to the firehouse, they find that every item of furniture has been removed by Hawk; whereupon mrs Steinmetz, Willoughby, Nicole, and Herbie track the theft to a warehouse.
The four break in and recover Steinmetz's belongings, piling them all into "No.
22" with mrs Steinmetz riding along, while Nicole and Willoughby follow in Herbie.
An inebriated old-timer named Judson (John McIntire) joins Mrs Steinmetz aboard "No.
22," thinking himself on a public cable car.
Hawk pursues; but Herbie distracts him and later rescues mrs Steinmetz and Judson from a potential crash after "No.
22" rolls down a hill.
During this time, mrs Steinmetz becomes enamored with Judson.
Hawk thereafter recruits an independent demolition agent named Loostgarten (Chuck McCann); while Mrs Steinmetz decides to confront Hawk herself.
Accompanied by Willoughby, she drives Herbie onto the window-cleaning machine of Hawk’s skyscraper to reach his 28th-floor office, where mrs Steinmetz overhears a telephoned conversation with Loostgarten about the deal to demolish the firehouse and activates the window cleaning machine to fill the office with foam and water.
This done, Herbie pursues Hawk around the building's perimeter - even following him outside onto a ledge - until Mrs Steinmetz orders him to desist.
Disguising his voice to resemble his uncle's, Willoughby directs Loostgarten to demolish Hawk's own house.
Loostgarten then telephones Hawk to confirm the demolition, waking Hawk from several nightmares showing himself at the mercy of Herbie; whereupon Hawk gives confirmation, but realizes too that he has ordered demolition of his own residence and attacks Loostgarten after a portion of his house is collapsed from a wrecking ball.
In the morning, Hawk calls a truce with mrs Steinmetz, and thinking him to be sincere, Willoughby and Nicole go for dinner, while mrs Steinmetz invites Judson to a similar meeting; but Hawk violates the truce by sending earthmovers to crush the firehouse and its inhabitants, prompting Herbie to go in search of Nicole and Willoughby.
In the absence of Herbie, the only means of defense is an antique Fire hose, which Judson uses against the earthmovers.
Having obtained Nicole and Willoughby, Herbie rounds up several other Volkswagen Beetles from various places in the city, and comes after Hawk and his men as an army and ruin his scheme.
Hawk is pursued from the grounds by Herbie, and arrested by the police.
Later, Nicole and Willoughby are married, and ride Herbie through an arch formed by his new Volkswagen Beetle friends.
Annette Monard Street (Lily Pons) is an aspiring singer, who falls in love with and marries Jonathan Street (Henry Fonda), a struggling young composer.
Jonathan pushes her into a singing career, and she soon becomes a star.
Meanwhile, Jonathan is unable to sell his music, and he finds himself jealous of his wife's success.
Concerned about their relationship, Annette uses her influence to get Jonathan's work turned into a musical comedy.
Once she achieves this, she then retires from public life in order to raise a family.
Two witches in colonial Salem, Jennifer (Veronica Lake) and her father Daniel (Cecil Kellaway), are burned at the stake after being denounced by Puritan Jonathan Wooley (Fredric March) and their ashes buried beneath a tree to imprison their evil spirits.
In revenge, Jennifer curses Wooley and all his male descendants, dooming them always to marry the wrong woman.
Centuries pass.
Generation after generation, Wooley men - all played by March - marry cruel, shrewish women.
Finally, in 1942, lightning splits the tree, freeing the spirits of Jennifer and Daniel.
They discover Wallace Wooley (March again), living nearby and running for governor, on the eve of marrying the ambitious and spoiled Estelle Masterson (Susan Hayward), whose father (Robert Warwick) just happens to be Wooley's chief political backer.
Initially, Jennifer and Daniel manifest themselves as white vertical smoky 'trails', occasionally hiding in empty (or sometimes not-so-empty) bottles of alcohol.
Jennifer persuades her father to create a human body for her so she can torment the latest Wooley.
He needs a fire to perform the spell, so he burns down a building (appropriately enough, the Pilgrim Hotel).
This serves dual purposes, as Jennifer uses it to get the passing Wallace to rescue her from the flames.
Jennifer tries hard to seduce Wallace without magic, but though he is strongly attracted to her, he refuses to put off his marriage.
She concocts a love potion, but her scheme goes awry when a painting falls on her; Wallace revives her by giving her the drink she had intended for him.
Jennifer's father conjures himself a body.
Then he and Jennifer crash the wedding, though they are at cross purposes.
Daniel hates all Wooleys and tries to prevent his daughter from helping one of them.
His attempts at interference land him in jail, too drunk to remember the spell to turn Wallace into a frog.
Meanwhile, Estelle finds the couple embracing and the wedding is called off.
Her outraged father promises to denounce the candidate in all his newspapers.
Wallace finally admits that he loves Jennifer, and they elope.
Jennifer then works overtime with her witchcraft to rescue her new husband's political career.
She conjures up little clouds of brainwashing white smoke that "convince" every voter to support Wallace, and he is elected in a landslide, where even his opponent doesn't vote for himself.
The unanimous vote for him convinces Wallace that she is a witch.
In disgust, Daniel strips his daughter of her magical powers, and vows to return her to the tree that imprisoned them.
In a panic, Jennifer interrupts Wallace's victory speech, imploring him to help her escape.
Unfortunately, the taxi they get into to get away is driven by her father, who takes them in an airborne ride back to the tree.
At the stroke of midnight, Wallace is left with Jennifer's lifeless body, while two plumes of smoke watch.
Before they return to the tree, Jennifer asks to watch Wallace's torment.
While Daniel gloats, Jennifer reclaims her body, explaining to Wallace, "Love is stronger than witchcraft".
She alertly puts the top back on the bottle of liquor her father is hiding in, keeping him drunk and powerless.
The movie concludes years later, after Wallace and Jennifer have children, where the housekeeper enters to complain about their youngest daughter, who enters riding a broom.
There's Always Vanilla follows the life of Chris Bradley (Raymond Laine) a formerS.
Army soldier who has become a drifter and makes money by various means, from pimping to guitar playing.
Chris returns to his home city of Pittsburgh and visits his father who owns and operates a baby food factory.
After an evening out with his father of drinking at a local bar, and visiting an old girlfriend named Terri Terrific (Johanna Lawrence), mr Bradley wants Chris to abandon his bohemian lifestyle and do what was agreed upon when he separated from the military; return to the family business, but Chris refuses.
At a local train station, Chris meets Lynn (Judith Ridley; billed as Judith Streiner) a beautiful young woman who works as a model and actress in local TV commercials.
Chris charms his way into Lynn's life and moves in with her.
At first their relationship is a pleasant escape from daily life, but when Lynn starts to resent supporting the freeloading Chris, she motivates him into getting a steady job.
Lynn learns that she's pregnant and, knowing how irresponsible he is, decides to get an abortion without telling Chris.
Chris lands a job at a small advertising firm but when he's given an account to advertise enlistments for theS.
Army, he quits out of his resentment of his military past.
Meanwhile, Lynn cannot bring herself to have an abortion, she abandons Chris, and moves in with a high school boyfriend who agrees to marry her and raise the baby as his own.
His romance with Lynn ruined and his lifestyle destroyed, Chris swallows his pride and moves back in with his father, still unable to decide what to do with his life, but believing he ultimately must accept the old values like his father has.
Chris has more encouragement after a talk at dinner at a Howard Johnson's with his father where he tells Chris that life is like an ice cream parlor, and that of all of life's most exotic flavors to choose from, there's always vanilla to fall back on.
The film's final scene shows a very pregnant Lynn living in a suburban house with her new husband.
A large packaged box arrives at their house addressed to Lynn with Chris' home address on it.
Upon opening the box on the front lawn of their house as instructed on the box, helium-filled balloons float out of it and float away into the bright blue sky.
On the bottom of the box is a note from Chris addressed to Lynn telling her to always remember the care-free time they had together.
While working as a barroom bouncer, sailor Steve Morgan (Max Baer) impresses alcoholic ex-boxing manager "the Professor" (Walter Huston) with his skills.
The Professor talks Steve into entering a prize fight with an up-and-coming boxer to make money for both of them.
While out training on the road, Steve is nearly run over by a speeding car that crashes into a ditch.
He carries nightclub singer Belle Mercer (Myrna Loy) out of the wreckage.
Though she is attracted to him, she refuses to have anything to do with Steve.
He learns where she lives and goes to see her anyway.
He is too cocky to be concerned when she reveals that she is the girlfriend of well-known gangster Willie Ryan (Otto Kruger).
When Willie finds out, Belle reassures him she is in control of her emotions.
Willie is not so certain about that, but is too shrewd to have Steve killed out of hand by his bodyguard, whom he jokingly calls his "Adopted Son" (Robert McWade).
It turns out that he had cause for concern; Steve persuades Belle to marry him.
Deeply in love with Belle himself and still hoping to get her back, Willie lets Steve live.
Steve quickly rises through the boxing ranks.
However, he cannot keep from fooling around with other women.
When Belle catches him in a lie, she tells him that she loves him, but if he cheats on her once more, she will leave him.
While waiting for a bout for the heavyweight championship of the world, Steve performs in a musical revue.
When Belle unexpectedly goes to his dressing room, she finds a woman hiding there.
It is the end of their marriage.
She gets her old job back with Willie.
Anxious to see the overconfident Steve humiliated, Willie finds out what is holding up the match with the current champion, Primo Carnera (playing himself), and pays $25,000 to set it up.
When the Professor tries to get Steve to train properly (without women and liquor), Steve gets angry and slaps him, ending their partnership.
The championship bout is refereed by boxing promoter and former champion Jack Dempsey (himself).
Belle, Willie and the Professor are all in attendance.
For most of the ten-round fight, Steve gets pummeled by the much heavier Carnera.
Finally, a distraught Belle urges the Professor to forget his wounded pride and go to Steve's corner to provide much needed advice.
With his old friend and his ex-wife rooting him on, a heartened Steve makes a furious comeback in the final rounds.
The match ends in a draw; Carnera retains his title.
Later, Willie enters Belle's nightclub dressing room and tells her she is fired.
Then he brings Steve in and leaves the couple alone to reconcile.
Charlie (McShane) is an English amorous tour guide who takes groups of Americans on whirlwind 18-day sightseeing tours of Europe.
Among his various clients on his latest trip are Samantha (Pleshette) with whom he wants to have an affair, a man who desires a pair of custom-made Italian shoes from a certain cobbler in Rome, another man who is secretly being set up for a surprise marriage with his Italian cousin, and an Army veteran who is reliving his World War II experiences.
Emperor Tod Spengo (Jon Lovitz), with General Afir (Thalmus Rasulala) at his side, takes over a small planet at the edge of the galaxy populated entirely by idiots, and renames it after himself.
He orders that all the resources of the planet should be engaged to create his "Super Death Ray Laser"; the laser's purpose is to destroy Earth, thus making Spengo the greatest planet in the Universe.
When Spengo looks at exactly where his laser would strike, he sees Marge Nelson (Teri Garr) exercising — and falls in love.
Using his Magnobeam (a giant magnet), he kidnaps Marge and her husband, Dick (Jeffrey Jones), as they are on their way to a 20th-anniversary weekend, hoping to make Marge his wife before he blows up the Earth.
Dick and Marge get separated on Spengo: Marge is sent to the lap of luxury, waited on by small people with fish or dog heads, while Dick is thrown into a dungeon.
In the dungeon, however, Dick meets the rightful king of Spengo, Raff (Eric Idle), who has plans hidden in his pants for his son, called the White Bird, out in the desert.
Spengo quickly finds that his advances towards Marge are failing, so he tries to read Dick's mind in order to discover the secret to her heart.
Following Dick's mind-probing, one of the Destroyers, Sibor (Wallace Shawn), has a change of heart when asked to execute the Earthman.
Encouraging Dick to not lose his woman and their love, the diminutive Destroyer frees Dick and helps him break out of the chamber.
Despite the stupidity of his captors, Dick is soon discovered and forced down a garbage chute to the sewers.
While in the dark, inundated tunnel, he is approached by a cute-looking mushroom-like creature, a Lub-Lub.
Dick attempts to pet the creature, but it immediately reveals its true carnivorous nature, forcing him to run for his life.
Dick manages to escape the sewers and steal an escape pod, and winds up crashing miles away in the desert, where he meets the rightful king's son, Sirk (Dwier Brown), and daughter, Semage (Kathy Ireland), as well as their followers.
All of them are dressed as 6-foot-tall birds, although such creatures are not naturally found on Spengo, and the only weapons they have to fight the Emperor and the Destroyers are rocks, their "intelligence" and a number of stolen weapons, including Light Grenades, which completely disintegrate anyone who picks one up.
At first, the rebels don't trust Dick and begin to torture him.
When Dick reveals that he shared a cell with Raff and that he is on their side, their attitude quickly changes, and Dick rises to the rank of war leader.
Using what little resources he can scrounge up, he devises a plan to sneak back into Spengo's palace and save Marge.
He even inspires Raff's followers with a rousing speech, during which he says, "Just because you're stupid that doesn't mean you can't rule a planet.
Hey.
Come to Earth sometime".
In the meantime, General Afir, who appears to be the only intelligent person among Spengo's forces, believes that Dick and Marge are the key to ending Spengo's rule, so he hatches a plan to stop the megalomaniac.
He switches the love serum meant for Marge with water and informs her of his intentions to search for Dick, but Spengo overhears Afir's plan and has him placed in the barrel of the laser, to die when Earth is destroyed.
During the wedding ceremony, a detachment of Spengo's soldiers go into the desert to finish the rebels, but find their camp deserted, and one by one they fall victim to one of the Light Grenades which has been left on Dick's pallet.
In the meantime, Dick approaches Spengo's fortress with a large wooden bust of Spengo, reading "In Tod We Trust".
At first Spengo says it is an obvious trick, but in the end he tells the guards to bring it in.
In the midst of the wedding ceremony, Dick and the others emerge from the Trojan bust and the final battle begins.
As fighting rages in the castle, Tod retreats to his lab with Marge and prepares to fire the laser at Earth.
Dick and Tod clash with swords, but neither gains the upper hand, as both are clumsy fighters.
Marge manages to use Dick's sword to cut her bonds and helps Dick defeat Tod and knock him into the garbage chute.
As the two of them kiss and exchange "I love you"'s, the bound and gagged Afir gives them a muffled reminder about the Death Ray, and they manage to shut it off as the countdown makes it half-way to zero.
Meanwhile, Tod crash lands in the sewers where he is eaten alive (offscreen) by the Lub-Lubs.
With Tod deceased, the rightful king is reinstated and he reverses the polarity on the Magnobeam to send Dick and Marge back home to Southern California.
They arrive home with some slight damage to the station wagon (which stuns their kids), and then proceed to show their son, daughter, and her boyfriend slides (including an image of Dick in front of Saturn) from what they claim is "Santa Barbara".
Their daughter, Stephanie (Suzanne Ventulett) and her boyfriend, Carl (Michael Stoyanov), find the images weird, but their son, Alan (Danny Cooksey) enjoys it.
To end their anniversary, Dick and Marge share drinks on the roof, watching the stars.
Tom Thompson (David Schwimmer) is a 25-year-old man who sleeps in a bunk bed and lives with his mother.
One day Tom is contacted by his high school classmate's mother, Ruth Abernathy (Barbara Hershey), to tell him that his 'best friend,' Bill Abernathy, committed suicide, and is asked to give a eulogy at the funeral.
Tom does not remember his friend, but out of sympathy attends the funeral as a pallbearer.
While Ruth struggles with her loss and Tom with his supposedly failed memory, the two develop a romance.
Meanwhile, Tom's unrequited high school crush, Julie DeMarco (Gwyneth Paltrow), re-enters his life.
At Abernathy's funeral, Tom's vague and impersonal eulogy confuses the Abernathy family and amuses Tom's friends.
Julie, upset at their lack of respect, tries to leave as the pallbearers carry Bill's coffin out of the church.
Tom, as one of the pallbearers, drags the coffin and the rest of the pallbearers after Julie.
He asks her if she knew Bill, since she cried when she saw him in the coffin.
She replies that she did not know Bill, but was saddened by the image of Bill in the coffin.
Tom asks Julie out for coffee still holding up Bill's coffin.
Bill's relatives, upset about Tom's indifference towards Bill, forcefully relieve him of his duty as a pallbearer.
Visibly upset, Ruth states that Tom is in Bill's will.
Afterwards, Tom calls Julie about the coffee date and tries to hide that he lives with his mother.
Julie asks if Scott and Cynthia can come along for a double date.
Tom inherits Bill's car in Abernathy's will.
It is the same one Bill used to commit suicide.
During dinner with Scott and Cynthia, it is apparent that Julie and Scott have more in common and listen to the same musicians.
Conversation between Tom and Julie is stilted and awkward, while Scott slips up and reveals that Tom still lives with his mother.
Disgusted by Scott's behavior during dinner, Tom reluctantly follows through with the plan to drive Julie home separating from Scott and Cynthia.
When they reach Julie's home, Julie reveals that she remembered Tom in high school.
As Tom leans in for a kiss, Julie turns her head colliding against Tom's.
Julie states she had given off the wrong signal to Tom, since she is planning on moving away.
Tom is rejected at the end of his second interview and goes to Ruth's to help pack Bill's belongings.
While looking through pictures of Bill growing up, Ruth and Tom kiss and have sex on Bill's bed.
Ruth tells Tom about Bill's father, a Vietnam War veteran, who is implied to have died in the war.
Tom, in turn, tells Ruth about Bill's fictitious love interest based completely on Tom's infatuation with Julie.
Tom and Ruth continue to see each other as Tom reveals more about his own affections for Julie in the guise of Bill's affections and Tom's attempts to forget about Julie in Ruth's arms.
Tom repeatedly watches Julie working at a record store while parked on the street.
One day after the shop closes, Tom sees Julie let Scott into the store.
Jumping into the driver's seat, Tom drives by and stops to see Scott lean in to kiss Julie.
When Scott sees Tom, Tom drives off.
The next morning, Julie comes to talk to Tom about Scott's attempt of infidelity, not knowing Tom had witnessed the entire event.
Reminiscing about high school band, Julie tells Tom that she wants to just drive away for a year just to be on her own.
Julie invites Tom to a concert she had planned on going with her former fiancé, Jed.
When arriving at Ruth's, Tom is rushed to a family gathering of Abernathy's.
At Aunt Lucille's, Tom sees that Ruth had overheard him talking to Julie about their date later that evening.
When Tom's car breaks down, Julie finds Ruth's charm bracelet, so Tom tells her that he has been helping Bill Abernathy's mother since the funeral.
Julie mistakenly assumes an innocent relationship between Tom and Ruth.
After a tow truck takes Tom and Julie back to Tom's house, Tom sneaks into his mother's room to get her car keys, while Julie enters Tom's room.
Tom reveals he wanted to dance with her at a homecoming dance and she kisses him.
As they fall into Tom's bed, Ruth calls Tom finding out that Julie is in the room with him.
When Tom goes to see Brad for advice, he tells Tom to drop the bracelet with a letter into a mailbox for a clean break with Ruth.
Tom does as Brad tells him and proceeds to continue dating Julie.
For Julie's birthday, Julie ask Tom to go with her to meet her parents.
On that morning, Tom sees Ruth carrying the envelope with her bracelet and Tom's letter, so Tom sneaks away through the back door.
At brunch with Julie's parents, it is immediately apparent that her father disapproves of Tom and Julie's relationship when he keeps asking why he is there with them.
After Tom pleads with Julie to abandon her plans to leave for a year, Ruth barges into the restaurant and humiliates Tom by revealing their past relationship alienating Julie.
At Brad's bachelor party, Tom makes a scene at the strip club telling Brad not to marry Lauren.
Tom says Lauren is an albatross around his neck and Scott thinks so as well.
The next day, Scott apologizes to Tom and they reconcile.
While talking about past crushes growing up, they both realize that there was another Tom who moved away after junior high school.
Tom brings the other Tom to Ruth, who appreciates the gesture to reminisce about her son.
They come to an understanding about needing someone at the time, Ruth mourning her son and Tom being rejected by his childhood crush, Julie.
At Brad's wedding, Tom patches his friendship with Brad approving of his marriage to Lauren, as Scott and Cynthia appear to talk civilly together hinting of reconciliation.
During the reception, Tom sees Julie and gives her the keys to his car as a belated birthday present for her trip.
She hints to him from a previous conversation that she wants to dance.
Tom gets a new job and moves into Julie's apartment while she is on her trip.
Near a house is a doghouse labeled "Killer" with a dog (Spike) in it.
Tom pokes his head over the wall and spots a female cat (Toodles Galore) in the window.
Tom brings along his string instrument (possibly a double bass or cello), then wakes up Spike and neutralizes him by whacking him in the head with a mallet and tying him up.
Tom uses his instrument as a pogo stick to hop over to the window, stopping halfway to taunt Spike along the way.
Tom plays "Is You Is or Is You Ain't My Baby"; the sound waves from the instrument shake Jerry's mousehole, bouncing Jerry off the bed, then under the table, and Jerry's head is hit by a vase that falls off the table when the mouse comes out the other side.
Having had enough, the mouse gets his revenge by going into the kitchen and hurling a pie with an iron stuffed inside; the cat is angered, but continues with a few more bars.
Seconds later, he is hit in the face again – this time with a pie covered in whipped cream.
Spotting Jerry, Tom chases him through the house.
Both animals dive off an ironing board; with Jerry ahead of Tom, Jerry drains the kitchen sink he landed in, leaving Tom to crash into the crockery.
Tom follows Jerry through the open window, but Jerry pulls the window stop out of the window.
The window falls on Tom's neck, and Tom shrieks in pain.
Jerry then runs out and unties Spike, and the dog lets out a loud bull roar, which starts a new chase.
Spike swaps his small teeth for "heavy-duty" ones, blows off some pent-up steam, and goes after Tom.
Tom ducks as Spike's teeth come at him, which instead get lodged in a tree trunk.
Tom then barely avoids getting his tail bitten and hides behind a wall, holding a brick up ready to attack.
Spike sees the brick and investigates, but gets knocked on the head with it.
With his ally eliminated, Jerry revives Spike by hitting him with a wooden plank.
After slamming Spike, Spike leaps high in the air screaming in pain just as Jerry hands off the board to Tom, framing the cat.
Knowing he is in trouble, Tom tricks Spike into believing the board is a bone by playing "fetch".
Spike obliges and fetches but realises he's been tricked.
Tom and Spike then begin a back and forth chase with Toodles Galore watching on.
Tom stops periodically to kiss the cat.
Catching on to this habit, Spike substitutes himself on the third pass, and gets wooed in a Charles Boyer voice (his lines recycled from The Zoot Cat).
Tom stops his speech abruptly when he sees the female cat and, realizing his mistake, drops Spike onto the floor.
Tom hides from Spike's rampage until Jerry walks around the corner; he chases Jerry to Spike's house, which Jerry immediately hides in.
Tom then sneaks into the doghouse with a murderous Dracula laugh while closing the door, indicating that something most foul is going to occur.
A second later, the door opens and Spike pokes his head out, helps Jerry out of his house and laughs even more evilly as he withdraws inside to.
The entire dog house thrashes about as Spike beats up Tom, who at one point quickly writes his will before being wrenched back in and beaten to within an inch of his life.
At the end, Toodles Galore watches Spike strum Tom, who had replaced the strings on his instrument, while Jerry plays a quick riff on Tom's whiskers.
The Lemon Drop Kid (Bob Hope), a New York City swindler, is illegally touting horses at a Florida racetrack.
The Kid touts across a beautiful woman intending to bet $2,000 on a horse named Iron Bar.
Rigging a con, the Kid convinces her to switch her bet, but learns that she was betting for boyfriend and notorious gangster Moose Moran (Fred Clark).
When the horse finishes dead last, a furious Moran demands the Kid pay him $10,000 (the amount he would have won) by Christmas Eve, or the Kid "won't make it to New Year's".
The Kid decides to return to New York to try to come up with the money.
He first tries his on-again, off-again girlfriend Brainey Baxter (Marilyn Maxwell).
However, when talk of long-term commitment arises, the Kid quickly makes an escape.
He next visits local crime boss Oxford Charlie (Lloyd Nolan), with whom he has had past dealings.
However, Charlie is in serious tax trouble and does not particularly care for the Kid anyway.
As he leaves Charlie's establishment, the Kid notices a street corner Santa Claus and his kettle.
Thinking quickly, the Kid fashions himself a Santa suit and begins collecting donations.
He is recognized by a passing policeman, and the Kid is convicted of panhandling and sentenced to ten days in jail when he cannot pay the fine.
The Kid learns where his scheme went wrong.
After Brainey bails him out, he sets about making his scam legitimate by finding a charity to represent and a city license.
The Kid remembers that Nellie Thursday (Jane Darwell), a kindly neighborhood resident, has been denied entry to a retirement home because of her jailed husband's criminal past.
Organizing other small-time New York swindlers and Brainey, who is both surprised and charmed at the Kid's apparent goodwill, the Kid converts an abandoned casino (ironically belonging to Moose Moran) into the "Nellie Thursday Home For Old Dolls".
A small group of elderly women and makeshift amenities complete the project.
The Kid receives the all-important city license.
Now free to collect, the Kid and his compatriots dress up as Santa Claus and position themselves throughout Manhattan.
The others are unaware that the Kid plans to keep the money for himself to pay off Moran.
The scheme is a huge success, netting $2,000 in only a few days.
An overjoyed Brainey decides to leave her job as a dancer and look after the "home" full-time until after Christmas.
She informs her employer, Oxford Charlie.
Seeing a potential gold mine, Charlie decides to muscle in on the operation.
Reasoning that the Nellie Thursday home is "wherever Nellie Thursday is", Oxford Charlie and his crew kidnap the home's inhabitants (including Nellie and Brainey) and move them to Charlie's mansion in Nyack.
The Kid returns to the home to find it deserted and the money he had hidden in a hollowed-out statue gone.
Clued in by oversized Oxford footprints in the snow, the Kid and his friends pay Charlie a visit.
When Charlie reveals the Kid's scheme through a phone conversation with Moose Moran, the Kid's accomplices become angry, but he manages to slip away.
However, Brainey tracks him down and voices her disgust.
After a few days of stewing in self-pity (and realizing it is Christmas Eve), the Kid is surprised to meet Nellie, who has escaped.
He decides to recover the money, sneaking into Charlie's home in the guise of an elderly woman.
He finds that Charlie and his crew are moving the women to a more secure location.
The Kid confronts Charlie in his office.
After a brief struggle, the Kid overpowers Charlie and makes off with the money, narrowly avoiding the thugs Charlie has sent after him.
The ensuing chaos allows Brainey and the others to escape.
Later that night, the Kid returns to the original Nellie Thursday home to meet with Moose Moran.
The deal appears to be in jeopardy as Moran arrives with Charlie.
Charlie demands that the Kid reimburse him, which would leave too little for Moran.
However, the Kid hits a switch, revealing hidden casino tables.
All are occupied, mainly by the escaped women.
The Kid and his still-loyal friends hold off the gangsters as the police initiate a raid.
Moran and Oxford Charlie are arrested.
The Kid assures the judge who sentenced him earlier that he will focus his attention on the home, which he will make a reality.
Nellie's husband Henry, free on parole, is joyously reunited with his wife.
The structure of the film consists of several subplots which all revolve around an intertwined cast of characters.
The film begins by introducing Richard (John Hawkes), a shoe salesman and recently separated father of two.
After being thrown out by his wife Pam (JoNell Kennedy), he gets an apartment of his own to share with his children, Peter (Miles Thompson) and Robby (Brandon Ratcliff).
He meets Christine (Miranda July), a senior-cab driver and amateur video artist, while she takes her client to shop for shoes, and the two develop a fledgling romantic relationship.
Robby, six years old, and his 14-year-old brother, Peter, have a joint online chat which he later depicts in another chat session as "))<>((", an emoticon that means "pooping back and forth, forever".
This piques the interest of the woman at the other end and she suggests a real life meeting.
When Robby and the woman meet at a park, she realizes he's a child and kisses him and walks away.
Two of Richard's teenaged neighbors, Heather (Natasha Slayton) and Rebecca (Najarra Townsend), develop a playful relationship with a much older neighbor Andrew (Brad William Henke) who works in the shoe store with Richard.
He does not say much, but he keeps leaving signs on his window about what he would do to each of them.
As a result of this relationship, Heather and Rebecca ask Peter if they can practice oral sex on him, so that he can tell them which of the two does it better; so they do.
He says both were exactly the same.
The daughter of a neighbor peeks in the window, sees what is happening, and quickly leaves.
Heather and Rebecca later come to the neighbor's house intending to have sex with him as practice, but he appears afraid when he sees them through his window and he pretends not to be home.
Meanwhile, Christine's work is rejected by a contemporary art museum, but then later accepted by the curator, who turns out to be the woman who was instant messaging with the brothers.
The plots come together in the end, with Peter developing a friendship with the daughter of a neighbor, having been introduced to the hope chest that she has, Christine and Richard displaying a show of mutual acceptance of their attraction to each other, and, as a final plot device, Robby finding that the noise he had awoken to early every morning was that of an early-rising businessman tapping a quarter on a street sign pole.
When asked why he is doing it, he stops and turns around, saying "just passing the time", and gives Robby the quarter.
When his bus drives away and Robby tries it out himself, the sun heightens with each tap, time literally passing as he does it.
During the Christmas holiday season, Greenwich Village witch Gillian Holroyd (Kim Novak), a free spirit with a penchant for going barefoot, has been unlucky in love and restless in life.
She admires from afar her neighbor, publisher Shep Henderson (James Stewart), who one day walks into her gallery of African art to use the telephone, after Gillian's aunt Queenie (Elsa Lanchester) put a spell on his phone.
When she learns he is about to marry an old college enemy of hers, Merle Kittridge (Janice Rule), Gillian takes revenge by casting a love spell on Shep, and she eventually falls for him herself.
She must make a choice, as witches who fall in love lose their supernatural powers.
When she decides to love Shep, Gillian's cat and familiar, Pyewacket, becomes agitated and leaves.
Sidney Redlitch (Ernie Kovacs), the author of the best-selling book Magic in Mexico, arrives in Shep's office (thanks to a little magic) after Gillian discovers Shep's interest in meeting him.
Redlitch is researching a book on witches in New York, and he acquires an "inside" collaborator when Gillian's warlock brother Nicky (Jack Lemmon) volunteers his services in exchange for a portion of the proceeds.
Gillian uses her magic to make Shep lose interest in Nicky and Redlitch's book, and then confesses her identity as a witch to Shep.
Shep becomes angry, believing she enchanted him just to spite Merle, and the two quarrel.
Gillian threatens to cast various spells on Merle, such as making her fall in love with the first man who walks into her apartment, but she finds that she has lost her powers because of her love for Shep.
Meanwhile, Shep finds he literally cannot leave Gillian, because of the spell.
To escape, he turns to another witch, Bianca De Pass (Hermione Gingold), who breaks the spell.
Shep confronts Gillian and leaves her heartbroken.
He then tries unsuccessfully to explain to Merle that Gillian is a witch.
Months later, Shep returns and discovers Gillian has lost her magic powers because of her love for him.
When he realizes her love is true, the two reconcile.
Tom and Gerry Jeffers (Joel McCrea and Claudette Colbert) are a married couple in New York City who are down on their luck financially, which is pushing the marriage to an end.
But there is a deeper problem with their relationship, just hinted at under the opening credits in the prologue, and only disclosed at the end.
In the prologue Claudette Colbert is bound and gagged in a closet, but a second later appears in a wedding dress.
This scene is cross-cut with groom Joel McCrea hurriedly changing from one formal suit to another while rushing to church for the wedding.
The last scenes finally reveal that both of the original fiancés have identical twins.
Both twins, trying to steal their sibling's intended, inadvertently married each other instead.
The couple remain married from 1937 until 1942, when this story begins.
Gerry decides that Tom would be better off if they split up.
She packs her bags; takes some money offered to her by the Wienie King (Robert Dudley), a strange but rich little man who is thinking of renting the Jeffers' apartment; and boards a train for Palm Beach, Florida.
There she plans to get a divorce and meet a wealthy second husband who can help Tom.
On the train, she meets the eccentric John Hackensacker III (Rudy Vallée), one of the richest men in the world.
Because of an encounter with the wild and drunken millionaire members of the Ale and Quail hunting club, Gerry loses all her luggage; after making do with clothing scrounged from other passengers, she is forced to accept Hackensacker's extravagant charity.
They leave the train and go on a shopping spree for everything from lingerie to jewelry – Hackensacker minutely noting the cost of everything in a little notebook, which he never bothers to add up – and make the remainder of the trip to Palm Beach on Hackensacker's yacht named The Erl King (a Sturges joke on the Hackensacker family business, oil).
Tom follows Gerry to Palm Beach by air, also with the impromptu financial assistance of the Wienie King.
When Tom meets Hackensacker, Gerry introduces him as her brother, Captain McGlue.
Soon, Hackensacker falls for Gerry, while his often-married, man-hungry sister, Princess Centimillia (Mary Astor), chases Tom, although her last lover, Toto (Sig Arno), is still following her around.
To help further his suit with Gerry, Hackensacker agrees to invest in Tom's scheme to build an airport suspended over a city by wires.
Tom finally persuades Gerry to give their marriage another chance, and they confess their masquerade to their disappointed suitors.
Even though he is disappointed, Hackensacker intends to go through with his investment in the suspended airport, since he thinks it is a good business deal and he never lets anything get in the way of business.
Then, when Tom and Gerry reveal that they met because they are both identical twins – a fact which explains the opening sequence of the film – Hackensacker and his sister are elated.
The final scene shows Hackensacker and Gerry's sister, and the Princess and Tom's brother, getting married.
The film ends where it began after the prologue, with the words "And they lived happily ever after.
or did they.
" on title cards.
The script, by Garson Kanin, is about a naive young woman named Gladys Glover who yearns for fame.
Strolling through Central Park, she meets a young handsome man named Pete Sheppard (Jack Lemmon).
He is a maker of documentaries (apparently equipped only with a handheld 16mm camera).
He is taking brief shots of people in the park.
He films Gladys feeding pigeons and introduces himself.
In a rapid piece of exposition, we learn Gladys has been in New York City for two years, coming from a job at a shoe factory in Binghamton, New York.
She has just lost her job as a model of girdles, because her hip size is 3/4" larger than it should be, and still has the $1000, which she "saved up".
Gladys is discouraged at having gotten nowhere in two years and she wants to make a name for herself.
It is clear Pete is taken by Gladys.
He gets her address by offering to drop her a postcard when the documentary is finished so she can see herself in it.
"Really.
" she says, "I'd give my right arm to see myself in the movies".
"You don't need to give me your right arm," says Pete, "just give me your right address".
Pete encourages Gladys to follow her dreams: "Where there's a will there's a way, and where there's a way there is a will".
The two then part ways.
Wandering despondently, Gladys' attention is caught by a large billboard overlooking Columbus Circle with the notice, "This space for rent.
Choice location.
Inquire Horace Pfeiffer Co, 383 Madison Avenue".
She fantasizes about her name being on the billboard and gathering up the nerve she goes to 383 Madison Avenue to inquire about the billboard.
Gladys asks for "Mr.
Horace Puh-feiffer," pronouncing the letter P, and is corrected by the receptionist who tells her there is no mr Pfeiffer.
Determined, Gladys obtains an interview with a busy man conducting a telephone conversation, who brusquely tells her the sign is available, demands to know "whom she represents," and says "I'm really too busy for this sort of thing".
The spunky Gladys pulls $1000 in cash from her purse, complains that the man is too "stuck up" to listen to her, asks "What sort of place treats people that way" and starts to leave.
The representative relents and tells her the sign is $210 per month, three months minimum.
Gladys pays $630 in cash and arranges to have her name put on the billboard.
Within a few days the sign is up and she is thrilled.
However, it turns out the Adams Soap company has traditionally booked the sign and is upset to learn that another client has obtained it.
The Pfeiffer company calls Gladys to a meeting where Evan Adams III (Lawford) attempts to induce her to give up the sign by offering her more money.
Gladys is not interested.
She is called to another meeting and is offered six signs in exchange for the one.
This time, she accepts.
Now, there are six huge signs in New York, one in lights, each saying simply "Gladys Glover".
Meanwhile, Pete Sheppard has taken an apartment adjacent to Gladys, a move which does not seem to rouse her curiosity, and the two become platonic friends.
Sheppard is, however, exasperated by Gladys' fascination with her signs and her requests he tour the city with her to see them.
Citygoers are intrigued by the mysterious signs.
Gladys shops in a department store (Macy's), and when she gives her name, the word spreads quickly and dozens of people flock around to get the autograph of the famous Gladys Glover.
Soon, she is being asked to appear on television shows.
However, the round of publicity begns to take an unpleasant turn.
Gladys explains she obtained the signs simply in order to, "Make a name for herself," but does not seem to be aware she is being treated as a figure of fun.
Evan Adams III, however, decides she is ripe for exploitation as, "The average American girl," and hires her to do a series of advertisements for Adams Soap.
As Gladys pursues what is becoming a lucrative career, relations between her and Pete become strained.
At the same time, Adams is showing an increasing interest in her.
The situation reaches a crisis when Gladys breaks a date with Pete in order to attend what Adams says is a business conference to discuss a cross-country publicity tour.
The conference turns out to be an attempted seduction.
As Adams reaches to embrace Gladys, she accidentally or intentionally spills a full glass of champagne down the back his neck, breaking the spell.
Gladys says, "I don't mind the way you're acting, exactly.
What I mind is the way you give the idea you're sort of entitled".
Adam then says, "Maybe I am.
Oh, sure, if you want to make it into a sort of business proposition.
That's what you're doing, isn't it.
" Gladys says, "The way it looks to me, mr Adams, is that there are two sorts of people.
The people who will do anything to make a name for themselves, and the people who will do almost anything.
Soon there will be signs all over saying I'm the average American girl.
That was your idea wasn't it.
Well, I don't think the average American girl should do.
this" then Gladys walks out.
When she arrives home she finds a 16&nbsp;mm movie projector in her room with a note from Pete telling her to run it.
A film plays complete with titles and synchronized sound, entitled "Goodby, [sic] Gladys".
The charmingly self-deprecating Pete confesses he loves Gladys, acknowledges that his profile is not as good looking as Adams', and says goodbye.
Gladys' advertising career continues, but she finds its emptiness more and more frustrating.
She recalls Pete's frequent questions as to why she wants to be above the crowd instead of being happy being part of the crowd.
In the meantime, Pete continues to make a go of his documentary film career.
In a cage at a zoo, he makes a documentary showing how the visitors appear to the animals.
He coaches the crowd to react to him as if he was a chimpanzee and he jumps around in the cage, filming the crowd, as they throw him peanuts.
Suddenly, the crowd's attention is distracted by the sound of an airplane.
Puzzled, Pete looks up and sees the plane has skywritten the message, "PETE CALL GLADYS PLEASE".
He grins, the film cuts to Gladys and Pete driving in a car and discussing plans for the future.
Gladys spots an empty billboard with a message, "THIS SPACE FOR RENT.
Apply Acme Realty Co".
Gladys looks to be pondering the possibilities; seeing this a concerned Pete says "What are you looking at.
" Gladys quickly reflects all her troubles that started with her name placed on signs and as she lovingly embraces Pete responds, "Nothing, absolutely nothing.
".
Compulsive gambler Charlie Gordon, cons his close friend and brother-in-law, widower Herb Sullivan, whose recently deceased wife, Susie Gordon-Sullivan, was Charlie's sister, into an all expenses-paid luxury Holland America Mexican cruise.
The catch, which Charlie does not reveal to Herb until the ship has left port, is that they are required to work as dance hosts and must sleep in a cramped cabin in the bowels of the ship.
If they don't not dance, they will get fired and have to pay nearly up 3,000 dollars for the cruise, or get thrown off the ship.
Ruled over by tyrannical, control-freak cruise director Gil Godwyn ("a song and dance man raised on a military base"), they do their best, despite Charlie's not actually being able to dance.
Each meets a lady of interest.
One is the luscious heiress Liz LaBreche, whose wealth attracts Charlie every bit as much as the rest of her does.
The other is lovely widow Vivian who was a successful book editor, who is under the impression that Herb is really a doctor, not a dancer.
Liz came on board on the ship with his daughter and her newlywed husband to help her start dating again.
After finally telling her the truth, Herb soon finds himself quite attracted to Vivian, and eventually the feeling becomes mutual.
However, because Herb still pines for the day Susie will suddenly come back to him, this conflicts his very strong feelings for Vivian, leading him to eventually stand her up on the day that they were supposed to view the rare solar eclipse together.
Herb doesn't know that Vivian is broke and he came on board this ship, to land a rich man.
Herb decides against starting a new relationship with Vivian until Charlie reminds that Susie was his sister, long before she was Herb's wife, emphasizing that Susie would never want Herb to spend the rest of his life completely alone and unhappy.
(Charlie: "Will you stop using Susie as a safety net.
" Herb: "Wait a minute.
Who in the hell are you to tell me.
" Charlie: "She was my sister before she was your wife.
And if she were here now, she'd tell ya the same thing".
Herb: "Ah, but she is not here now, is she Charlie.
She's gone".
Charlie: "That's right Herb, but you're not".
).
By the time Charlie literally drags ship owner mrs Carruthers across the dance floor, the boys aren't sure if they will find true love or need to abandon ship.
Liz and her mother are revealed to be gold-digging frauds, just like Charlie, but as they make their getaway with Vivian on a plane, Herb and Charlie call out to all to come back.
Charlie and Liz still continue dating, but Charlie made some good money that he won on a poker game from a rich guy.
Herb is now dating Vivan now.
Beauregard Bottomley (Ronald Colman) is an unemployed PhD physicist who lives in Los Angeles with his piano-instructor sister Gwenn (Barbara Britton) and the alcohol-guzzling parrot of the film's title, Caesar (Mel Blanc, voice).
Beauregard and Gwenn live in a bungalow court, surrounded by books.
Beauregard is an omnivorous reader, and is highly knowledgeable on virtually any subject - except, as he admits, how to hold a job.
Beauregard obtains word of a mysterious job opportunity at the Milady Soap Company.
He meets the eccentric company owner, Burnbridge Waters (Vincent Price), for the job interview.
Waters disapproves of Beauregard's humour and turns him down for the job, humiliating him in the process.
Later, in front of an appliance store window, Beauregard, Gwenn and a small crowd, none of whom have TV sets yet, watch the radio quiz show - just transferred to the new medium of television - Masquerade for Money, whose sponsor is Milady Soap.
The show's format features contestants costumed as historical characters or items, who are asked questions about who or what their attire represents.
The prize doubles with each successive question, in the style of the 1940s radio show The $64 Question.
If anyone misses just one question, the contestant loses all that was won to that point.
Beauregard is contemptuous of television and what he deems as its anti-intellectual nature, after seeing Masquarade for Money.
However, after seeing the contestants struggle to answer relatively easy questions, Beauregard plots revenge on Burnbridge Waters.
He goes on the program dressed as an encyclopedia to let the host know he will answer any question given to him by the show's host, Happy Hogan (Art Linkletter).
Starting from an initial $5 prize, Beauregard easily answers the maximum five questions, then asks for a sixth question.
The show runs out of time, but Beauregard promises to come back the next week if people will write in to Milady Soap demanding he be allowed to return.
An avalanche of mail inspires Burnbridge Waters.
He decides to call Bottomley back for one question per show - and when they've reached a new high in soap sales, the show will drop him.
Masquerade for Money becomes a ratings triumph.
The country tunes in each week to watch Beauregard, who appears with Caesar on the covers of Look and Life Magazines.
The questions become more erudite and challenging, but Bottomley keeps answering them with ease.
With Beauregard's continuing success and increasing prize amount, Waters becomes uneasy, as the winnings will potentially erode Milady's profits.
Visiting the soap factory one day, Beauregard finally explains to Waters that his ultimate goal is, first, to break Waters by winning $40 million - the entire worth of Milady Soap - and thus drive Waters into bankruptcy.
As Beauregard continues to answer the questions, Waters calls in "Flame" O'Neill (Celeste Holm) to try to weaken Waters via seduction, to find a subject where his knowledge is lacking.
In parallel, Happy Hogan tries to work his charms on Gwenn to see if he also can persuade her to have Beauregard simply pocket his winnings to date, by taking piano lessons with her and asking her out.
Beauregard has become ill with a cold, and Flame insinuates herself into the Bottomley household as Beauregard's nurse, pretending to be a member of his fan club.
With little past experience with women, Beauregard initially succumbs to Flame's charms, and loses his general sang-froid in her presence.
Gwenn is suspicious of Flame's motives, as Beauregard is suspicious of Hogan's motives in suddenly taking piano lessons with her.
Neither sibling is to be deterred by the other from their respective romantic attachments.
Flame, a la Delilah, intends to seduce Bottomley to find out his Achilles' heel, a subject that will stump him.
Slowly, Beauregard becomes suspicious of Flame, after his recovery.
He reveals to her on one date that he (supposedly) never quite mastered Albert Einstein's theory of relativity.
With that knowledge, the next question on Masquerade for Money is for Beauregard to explain Einstein's theory.
Now realizing Flame's role in the situation, Beauregard does struggle for an answer, which he provides.
However, Happy Hogan indicates that, by his answer card, the response is wrong.
Waters rejoices as the studio audience groans, and Beauregard wanders into the wings, apparently defeated.
However, a phone call arrives a moment later, from Einstein himself, who has been watching the show.
Einstein explains that in fact, Bottomley gave the correct answer.
Hogan announces the news to a now jubilant audience.
Waters faints, and Bottomley is to return next week.
In the meantime, Happy appears to have genuinely fallen in love with Gwenn.
Flame also has apparently developed some remorse at her part in the plot against Beauregard, and also affection for him.
Waters decides to rent the Hollywood Bowl for the final question of the final show.
Before the last show, with the prize stakes at $20 million, Beauregard and Gwenn decide to test each other's romantic partners and respective engagements.
Each sibling telephones the respective partner to see if they would be willing to be married before the big prize day.
Happy and Flame each come up with excuses for not marrying Gwenn and Beauregard before the last prize show, which deflates both siblings.
At the Hollywood Bowl, after a sardonic introduction from Waters, Beauregard comes onstage, where Happy asks for his wallet.
Happy then asks a very simple question about Beauregard himself, and not about any subject in a book, namely, what is Beauregard's Social Security number.
Beauregard answers incorrectly, to the tremendous relief of Waters and the disappointment of the crowd.
Back home, Beauregard and Gwenn appear disappointed.
However, later that evening, Happy and Flame appear, willing to marry Gwenn and Beauregard respectively after all.
Waters also appears, with gifts for Beauregard.
It turns out that Caesar used to be Waters' pet parrot.
As Beauregard and Flame drive off to be married, Beauregard reveals that he and Waters agreed to a backroom deal where he would lose, but receive his own radio show, as well as Milady Soap stock.
However, Beauregard then admits that he genuinely didn't know the answer to the simple question posed to him at the Hollywood Bowl.
Even so, most anyone watching the movie might well think Beauregard must have known the answer, or else he could not have completed any job applications requiring that information.
Daniel Miller (Albert Brooks), a Los Angeles advertising executive, dies in a car accident on his 39th birthday and is sent to the afterlife.
He arrives in Judgment City, a Purgatory-like waiting area populated by the recently deceased of the western half of the United States, where he is to undergo the process of having his life on Earth judged.
Daniel and the rest of the recently deceased are offered many Earth-like amenities and activities in the city while they undergo their judgment processes—from all-you-can-eat restaurants (which cause no weight gain and serve the best food), to bowling alleys and comedy clubs.
His defense attorney, Bob Diamond (Rip Torn), explains to Daniel that people from Earth use so little of their brains (only three to five percent) that they spend most of their lives functioning on the basis of their fears.
"When you use more than five percent of your brain, you don't want to be on Earth, believe me," says Diamond.
If the court determines that Daniel has conquered his fears, he will be sent on to the next phase of existence, where he will be able to use more of his brain and thus be able to experience more of what the universe has to offer.
Otherwise, his soul will be reincarnated on Earth to live another life in another attempt at moving past his fears.
Daniel's judgment process is presided over by two judges (played by Lillian Lehman and George Wallace).
Diamond argues that Daniel should move onto the next phase.
His formidable opponent is Lena Foster (Lee Grant).
Diamond informs Daniel that she is known as "the Dragon Lady".
Each utilizes video-like footage from select days in the defendants' lives, shown to the judges to illustrate their case.
During the procedure, Daniel meets and falls in love with Julia (Meryl Streep), a woman who lived a seemingly perfect life of courage and generosity, especially compared to his.
(She died after slipping on the ground and falling into her pool and drowning) The proceedings do not go well for Daniel.
Foster shows a series of episodes in which Daniel did not overcome his fears, as well as various other bad decisions and mishaps.
The final nail in his coffin, it seems, is when Foster, on the last day of arguments, plays footage of his previous night with Julia, in which he declines to sleep with her, for what Foster believes is his same fear and lack of courage.
It is ruled that Daniel will return to Earth.
Meanwhile, Julia is judged worthy to move on.
Before saying goodbye Diamond comforts Daniel with the knowledge that the court is not infallible and just because Foster won it doesn't mean she's right.
Daniel remains disappointed.
Daniel finds himself strapped to a seat on a tram poised to return to Earth, when he spots Julia on a different tram.
On impulse, he unstraps himself, escapes from the moving tram, and risks electrocution and injury to get to Julia.
Although he cannot enter her tram at first, the entire event is being monitored by Foster and Diamond, who convinces the judges that this last-minute display of courage has earned Daniel the right to move on.
The judges agree and open the doors on Julia’s tram, allowing Daniel in, reuniting him with Julia, and allowing them to move on to the next phase of existence together.
Cathy Timberlake, a New York City career woman, meets Philip Shayne after his Rolls Royce splashes her dress with mud while she is on her way to a job interview.
Philip proposes a romantic affair, while Cathy is holding out for marriage.
Watching from the sidelines are Philip's financial manager, Roger, who sees a therapist because he feels guilty about helping his boss with his numerous conquests, and Cathy's roommate, Connie Emerson, who knows what Philip is after.
Philip wines and dines Cathy.
He takes her to see the New York Yankees play baseball.
They watch from the Yankees dugout (he owns part of the team).
Cathy's complaints about the umpire while seated alongside Mickey Mantle, Roger Maris and Yogi Berra (playing themselves) cause umpire Art Passarella to throw all of them out of the game.
Philip's conscience weighs on him, so he withdraws an invitation to Bermuda, which only serves to make Cathy agree to go.
While in Bermuda, anxiety-ridden over the evening's sexual implications, Cathy comes down with a nervous rash, much to her embarrassment and his frustration.
The Bermuda trip is repeated, but this time Cathy drinks to soothe her nerves and ends up drunk.
While intoxicated, Cathy falls off the balcony onto an awning below.
She is then carried in her pajamas through the crowded hotel lobby.
At the urging of Roger and Connie, who are convinced that Philip is in love with her, Cathy goes on a date with Beasley, whom she dislikes, to make Philip jealous.
Her plan succeeds and she and Philip get married.
On their honeymoon, he breaks out in a rash.
The book's main protagonist is Nicholas "Nick" Twisp, a 14-year-old boy of above-average intelligence from Oakland, California.
Nick's life continues like a normal teenager's with his best friend Leroy,ka.
Lefty, and his divorced parents George and Estelle.
His mother is dating a truck driver named Jerry, who sells a group of sailors a Chevy Nova that dies soon after the sailors get it.
In response, the sailors go for revenge.
After outsmarting them, Jerry strategically decides to take a vacation, so they all go to a religious mobile home camp in the resort town of Clearlake.
It is there that Nick meets Sheridan "Sheeni" Saunders and his life is turned completely upside down.
Through plots to get Sheeni closer to him he ends up with several crimes on his hands (including arson, grand theft auto, and foul play) and is forced to run from the police.
Nick tricks everyone into thinking he went to India, thereby escaping the police.
Nick hides out with his sister Joanie and returns with help from his friend in Ukiah, Frank "Fuzzy" DeFalco.
He dresses in Fuzzy's late grandmother's clothes, adopting the name Carlotta and a conservative disposition.
As Nick does so, he befriends Sheeni and several other people who Nick knew before.
While spending the night with Sheeni on Christmas Eve, she reveals to him that she knew from the beginning it was him, not Carlotta.
Nick then gets "the best Christmas present a youth could receive," starting a secret relationship with Sheeni.
Nick inherits a fortune when an elderly neighbor of Joanie takes a liking to him and decides to put him in her will.
When Joanie's neighbor died, Nick is briefly left half a million dollars richer, until his mother's boyfriend, a somewhat corrupt police officer, seizes the money.
Faced with homelessness from the loss of the house he had been squatting in, Nick becomes rich beyond belief when an idea of his, a wart watch, makes it big.
Single mother Jean (Heather Locklear) relocates every time she gets her heart broken by another guy, much to the dismay of her teenage daughter, Holly (Hilary Duff).
Holly devises a plan to invent a secret admirer for her mother, so she'll be happy and not have to relocate anymore.
Holly overhears her friend Amy's (Vanessa Lengies) uncle Ben (Chris Noth) ordering flowers for a woman, and decides to use his advice on women (which she acquires by telling him she needs help for a school project on romance).
Following Ben's advice, she sends her mother orchids and other gifts and love notes, and is soon communicating with her mother as this fictitious admirer (who Holly names Ben) via the internet.
As her mother becomes more interested, Holly has to find a photo of this admirer.
She sends one of the real Ben, and then devises a reason why they can't meet in person, claiming he is working in China.
While she is developing the online romance between her mother and fake Ben, and preventing her mother and the real Ben from meeting in person, she finds herself drawn to a cute, artistic boy in her class, Adam (Ben Feldman), but is unwilling to get close to anyone due to her history of being uprooted and having to say goodbye so often.
As the charade continues, and as Holly spends more time with Ben while picking his brain for romance tips, she slowly begins to see qualities in Ben which make her believe he is her mother's 'perfect man.
' Unfortunately there is no way her mother can ever meet the real Ben without Holly's plan being exposed.
Holly asks help from Adam to disguise as Ben in the telephone and break up with Jean.
But he fails, as he is revealed to be harboring feelings for Holly as well, in effect telling Holly's mother the opposite of what is planned.
Next day at school, Holly confronts Adam angrily because of his failed attempt to disguise as Ben and break up with her mother over the phone didn't go according to plan.
Adam apologizes and tells Holly that he was only got distracted.
Holly demands to know what he could've possibly been distracted by and Adam admits his feelings for Holly by kissing her.
That night, Lenny (Mike O'Malley), a man who is infatuated with Jean, proposes to her and she replies with a 'maybe'.
Holly, in an act of desperation, then disguises herself as Ben's secretary and arranges a meeting between Ben and her mom.
Next day, when Holly mistakenly thinks Ben is marrying someone else, she disrupts the wedding to tell Ben he should be with her mother, not knowing he was there because the bride is his dear friend and he was catering the wedding.
A disappointed Ben follows her out and she admits the full story.
Holly then goes to the meeting place and admits the whole ruse to Jean, who seems to take it terribly.
Days pass by and Holly and her mom maintain a cold relationship, and Holly is offended by her interpretation of Adam's drawing of "Princess Holly".
Holly begs Jean for them to move again.
Her mother is humiliated and wants to stay, but Holly tells her to leave this once for Holly.
She says that she always has to move for her mom.
Her mom can't argue with that so they start to pack.
Adam, for what he thinks is the last time, goes to Holly's home and gives Holly's mom his drawing, commenting that the drawing has another side that Holly didn't see before she left, which turns out to be Adam telling Holly that he'll always be there for her.
Touched, Jean logs onto the internet using Holly's screen name and talks to Adam.
Adam, thinking it's Holly, says that her mom is setting a bad example, getting up and leaving when things get bad and that, in return, is making a bad role model for her own daughters.
Jean is deeply moved by this and decides to stay, finding a new job and trying to rebuild her life without running away.
She also apologizes to her daughter and tells her to look at the other side of the drawing, making Holly happy.
Meanwhile Ben is inspired by what Holly told him about her mother, and with Holly's help, Jean and Ben finally meet and Jean finds her 'perfect man' at last.
Holly is on the road to her perfect man as well since she has some stability in her life and finally opens up and admits her feelings for Adam.
At the end, Adam and Holly go to their first school dance together.
Dr.
Benjamin Stone is a promising young surgeon working in Washington,C.
with plans of making more money working for a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon.
On his last day, he realizes that none of his colleagues care enough about him to say good-bye to him, instead leaving him a cake with an insult made out of icing.
Driving out west in a 1956 Porsche 356 Speedster, Stone swerves to miss a cow on the highway and crashes uncontrollably into the fence of a local resident in the rural hamlet of Grady, South Carolina.
The resident is local Judge Evans, who sentences him to community service at the nearby hospital as punishment rather than allow Stone pay for the fence with cash.
Defeated and stranded due to the damage to his car, Ben reports to the local clinic, where Nurse Packer further humbles him by recording his community service hours by clocking him in and out, like a factory worker.
Though upset, Ben makes friends with Mayor Nick Nicholson, who is also the owner of the town's cafe, and Melvin, the local mechanic tasked with repairing his car.
Ben soon finds the clinic work is more laid-back than the emergency room to which he is used with simple cases, such as spots before the eyes of an elderly patient not cleaning her glasses, fishing hook impaling and even reading mail for a young illiterate couple, Kyle and Mary Owens, whose baby he later delivers.
The small-town experience soon humbles Ben when he misdiagnoses a young boy as having mitral valve regurgitation leading to late cyanosis, a case the town's curmudgeonly doctor, Aurelius Hogue, treats with a Coca-Cola.
Hogue explains that the boy had chewed his father's tobacco and was given too much bismuth subnitrate as an antacid, causing a blue tinge; the carbonic acid component of the soda would relieve his stomachache.
The two finally bond when Ben saves Hogue after he suffers a near-fatal heart attack.
Since Hogue is eager to retire, Ben is urged by the locals to stay and replace him, although he is tempted by his budding romance with a tomboyish ambulance driver, Vialula, better known as "Lou," a single mother to a four-year-old named Emma.
Ben soon confides to her that he grew up in a small town in rural Indiana, where his parents lived and died, and how he can't see himself confined to a small town.
Lou is also pursued by Hank Gordon, a local insurance salesman.
He waits for Ben at the mayor's lakeside lodge, where Ben has been staying.
Ben expects a fight, but Hank explains that though he can't give Lou what Ben can, he's still a better man for her.
After the two men talk, Ben comes to realize he's not selfless enough for a life with Lou and plans to not see her anymore.
Ben is soon pardoned from community service for saving Hogue, allowing him to head to California for his job interview.
With his car fixed, he tries to sneak out of town, but his departure is delayed when he finds Kyle and Mary Owens stranded by the side of the road with Mary in deep labor.
While he's delivering their baby, a tractor trailer smashes into his Porsche and he must leave town without it: the entire town comes to see him off in a taxi.
On the West Coast, Ben's new boss, dr Halberstrom, hires him at the interview, based on an unexpected recommendation from Hogue.
However, Ben soon tires of the superficiality of Beverly Hills, even going so far as calling to check the weather in Grady on his phone.
The next day, he's surprised to receive a message at work from a woman with a "heavy Southern accent" and rushes to a restaurant, where he noticed his restored Porsche in the parking lot.
Nancy Lee, the mayor's daughter, and Hank have come to California, and Hank tells Ben he took his own advice to "do what a man's gotta do".
Ben returns to Grady, hoping to patch things up with Lou, who takes him back.
Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), the long-time star of the daytime drama The Sun Also Sets, is targeted by her ambitious co-star Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty); Montana connives to supplant Celeste as the show's star by promising sexual favors to its producer, David Seton Barnes (Robert Downey, Jr).
To make the audience hate Celeste's character, Montana and David come up with a last-minute plot change in which she will accidentally kill a young, destitute deaf-mute, played by the newly-cast Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue).
Despite the strong objections of head writer Rose Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) and Celeste herself, the scene plays out, but is interrupted by Celeste's recognition of Lori as her real-life niece.
Network honcho Edmund Edwards (Garry Marshall) sees potential in the relationship and makes Lori a regular cast member.
Montana and David seek to further unnerve Celeste by bringing back Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline), an actor who Celeste arranged to be fired from The Sun Also Sets decades before, after his romantic relationship with Celeste went sour.
Bitter at being reduced to performing dinner theater for uninterested seniors in Florida, Jeffrey relishes the chance to needle Celeste.
Outwardly despising Jeffrey but perhaps still harboring some feelings for him, Celeste becomes unhinged when Jeffrey and Lori seem to be about to begin a romantic relationship, seemingly from jealousy.
However, when Lori and Jeffrey are about to enact a scripted onscreen kiss, Celeste stops them by revealing that Lori is actually her daughter by Jeffrey.
On camera, Celeste explains that she was responsible for getting Jeffrey fired because she was distraught about the pregnancy.
Then she went home, passed Lori off as her niece, and had her parents raise Lori, all due to pressure from the network.
This incites disgust and scorn from nearly everyone on the show towards Celeste, but the scandal ignites renewed interest in the show, causing the ratings to skyrocket.
A board meeting between the show's staff—including Rose, who speaks out in Celeste's defense—takes place thereafter, where David insists that she be fired, but he is quickly overruled as the situation has not only resulted in positive press for the show, but has generated a great deal of public sympathy for Celeste.
The next day, after an unpleasant exchange with Lori, Celeste goes to Jeffrey and pleads with him to speak to Lori on her behalf.
Jeffrey is resistant at first, but after Celeste gives him advice on how to approach her and break the ice, the conversation leads to Celeste and Jeffrey embracing.
Just when it seems the two are about to reconcile, Montana interrupts them and claims that she and Jeffrey slept together the previous night.
Disgusted, Celeste storms off, leaving the situation between her and Jeffrey even worse than before.
The dilemma is further inflamed when Rose—who by now is no longer angry with Celeste—shows her a tabloid newspaper proclaiming that Montana is pregnant with Jeffrey's child.
After an explosive exchange between the three of them takes place over this, Celeste, Jeffrey and Lori go to the head of the network with their concerns and demand that some action must be taken to solve the problem.
But it's Lori who delivers an ultimatum stating, "It's them or me--that is the bottom line here.
They go or I go.
"  A decision is made by the network, and the actors head into a live episode still not knowing who will be written off the show.
They will read their lines from a teleprompter so that the secret will be kept until the last minute.
It is revealed that Lori's character has "brain fever" and will die; still hoping to be rid of Celeste, Montana ad-libs and suggests that a brain transplant can save her.
Lori is shocked by the revelation, but in character, Celeste immediately plays along, offering her own brain for the operation.
Touched by the sacrifice, Lori asks Celeste and Jeffrey not to leave the show, and softens to her newfound parents.
Montana, desperate to stop them, reiterates that she is pregnant with Jeffrey's child, but she is publicly ruined by Rose who, with the help of vengeful Ariel Maloney (Teri Hatcher), who wanted Jeffrey for herself, reveals the secret from a high school yearbook that Montana is actually a transsexual named Milton Moorehead.
David is shocked and Montana flees the set, screaming in horror.
Later, Celeste, Jeffrey, and Lori win soap opera awards while Montana is relegated to performing dinner theater at Jeffrey's former venue.
Jamal Jeffries (Miguel Núñez, Jr) is a UBA (fictional version of the NBA) basketball star whose undisciplined on-and-off-court antics have earned him a bad reputation in the basketball community.
Jamal is dropped from his team, the Charlotte Beat and suspended indefinitely after he strips naked in protest of being taken out of a game.
His agent, Lorne Daniels (Kevin Pollak), is unsuccessful at finding him a new team, and cuts Jamal as a client.
As a result, Jamal's life goes downhill: his endorsements drop him, he ends up bankrupt due to lavish spending, his belongings are repossessed, his mansion is foreclosed on, and his girlfriend Tina (Lil' Kim), who only put up with his antics for his money and fame, walks out on him.
Jamal, now out of work and homeless, goes to live with his no-nonsense Aunt Ruby (Jenifer Lewis), the only person that doesn't put up with Jamal's outrageous antics.
Lacking any other sort of skills, he decides to dress up as a woman named "Juwanna Mann" to play for the Charlotte Banshees of the WUBA (fictional version of the WNBA).
Aunt Ruby reluctantly agrees to help him with his charade as does Lorne who has no choice after Jamal reveals himself to be Juwanna.
In a scene involving the team physical, Jamal has to disguise himself as the team mascot in order to avoid being found out by the team physician.
Jamal quickly becomes a star on the court, and his overall attitude changes drastically as well.
He learns to play with a team rather than just himself.
While becoming successful with the Banshees, Jamal also finds himself in a problematic relationship with his teammate Michelle (Vivica Fox), whom he has romantic feelings for but cannot act on because Michelle knows him only as her confidante, Juwanna.
His situation is further complicated as Michelle is involved in a romantic relationship with Rapper Romeo (Ginuwine) (who ends up cheating on her) while Jamal (as Juwanna) is busy warding off the amorous advances of Romeo's sidekick Puff Smokey Smoke (Tommy Davidson).
Eventually, Jamal is given a chance to return to the men's league, but the hearing takes place at the same time as the Banshee's first playoff game.
After much debate, Jamal decides to do the selfless thing and stick with the Banshees and help them win.
Jamal's cover is blown at the end of the said game when Jamal decides to dunk the winning basket and shatters the backboard.
In all the excitement, Jamal loses his wig, revealing that he is in fact Jamal Jeffries.
Jamal is fired from the team, and the Banshees, devastated at the betrayal, begin to suffer on the court as a result.
Jamal, seeing this, decides to try to make things right again, and enters the Banshees' locker room during another game's halftime to apologize for the lies and tell them that playing with them had changed his views and attitude about basketball, women, and life in general.
His ex-teammates (especially Michelle) are initially still furious at him, but end up accepting Jamal's genuine apology, which also inspires the team to win the playoffs and eventually the championship.
Afterwards, Jamal is called in for a hearing with the UBA's commission board.
Despite the genuine apology and assurance by himself and Lorne that he has changed for the better, the board is still unimpressed due to the Juwanna scandal, and it first appears that Jamal's playing career is truly done for.
However, his former WUBA teammates show up and successfully vouch for him to be brought back into the league, and Michelle gives him a championship ring and a kiss.
Jamal Jeffries is reinstated into the UBA and returns to action with his old team, a better player and person.
Jimeoin, in the title role, plays a man obsessed with becoming famous.
He is passionate about being a celebrity, but unfortunately he just isn't very talented.
After trying to secure roles in myriad productions he finally finds employment as an extra, and what follows is his misadventures as he becomes involved with shady business men, producers and mobsters, all of whom are fixated with show business.
Dylan (Dan Futterman) and Jez (Stuart Townsend) are two orphans who meet in their twenties and vow to achieve their shared childhood dream of living in a stately home.
In pursuit of this dream they spend their days living in a disused gas holder, spending as little money as possible and conning the upper classes out of their riches.
During one of their biggest cons, their lives are touched by Georgie (Kate Beckinsale), who needs money to save the Down's syndrome foundation that her brother attends.
When a con goes wrong, the two find themselves in jail to be released only after their entire fortune is rendered useless because of a recall of £50 notes.
It is down to an elaborate plan involving Dylan, Jez, and (if they can persuade her) Georgie, to break them out of jail in order to save their dream.
Gary Grobowski (Vince Vaughn) and Brooke Meyers (Jennifer Aniston) meet at Wrigley Field during a Chicago Cubs game and begin dating, eventually buying a condominium together.
Gary works as a tour guide in a family business with his brothers, Lupus (Cole Hauser) and Dennis (Vincent D'Onofrio).
Brooke manages an art gallery owned by eccentric artist Marilyn Dean (Judy Davis).
Their relationship comes to a head after the latest in an escalating series of, "Why can't you do this one little thing for me.
" arguments.
Brooke, feeling unappreciated, criticizes Gary's perceived immaturity and unwillingness to work on improving their relationship.
Gary is frustrated by Brooke’s perceived controlling, perfectionistic attitude, and expresses his desire to have a little more independence (particularly when arriving home from work, wanting to unwind).
Brooke becomes irate when Gary fails to offer to help her clean up after a big dinner party at their home; and, still frustrated from their earlier, unresolved argument, breaks up with him (despite still being in love with him).
Brooke seeks relationship advice from her friend Addie (Joey Lauren Adams), while Gary goes to tell his side of things to friend Johnny Ostrofski (Jon Favreau).
Since neither is willing to move out of their condo, they compromise by living as roommates; but, each begins acting out to provoke the other in increasingly elaborate ways.
Gary buys a pool table, litters the condo with food and trash, and even has a strip poker party with Lupus and a few women.
Meanwhile, Brooke has Gary kicked off their "couples-only" bowling team, and starts dating other men in an attempt to make Gary jealous.
When their friend and realtor Mark Riggleman (Jason Bateman) sells the condo, Gary and Brooke are given two weeks' notice to move out.
Brooke invites Gary to an Old 97's concert, hoping that he will figure out that the gesture is meant to be her last-ditch attempt to salvage their relationship.
Gary agrees to meet her there, but misses the hidden agenda, and misses the concert—unwittingly breaking Brooke's heart.
When Gary goes out for a drink with Johnny, his friend points out that Gary has always had his guard up, has been guilty of a lot of selfishness, and never gave Brooke a chance, emotional intimacy-wise.
Afterwards, Brooke quits her job in order to spend time traveling Europe.
When she brings a customer from the art gallery home one evening, Brooke finds the condo cleaned and Gary preparing a fancy dinner to win her back.
He lays his heart on the line and promises to appreciate her more.
Brooke begins crying and states that she just can not give in anymore and, therefore, does not feel the same way.
Gary seems to understand and kisses her before leaving.
It is later revealed that Brooke's "date" (who initially asked her out, but she politely rejected) was actually a client interested in a piece of artwork she kept at the condo.
Both eventually move out of the condo.
Gary begins taking a more active role in his tour guide business, while Brooke travels the world, eventually returning to Chicago.
Some time later, they meet again by chance on the street as Gary is bringing home groceries and Brooke is on her way to a meeting.
After some awkward but friendly catching up, they part ways but each glances back over their shoulder and they share a smile.
Gigolos Christopher Tracy and his brother, Tricky, swindle wealthy French women.
The situation gets complicated when Christopher falls in love with heiress Mary Sharon after planning to swindle her when he finds out that she receives a $50 million trust fund on her 21st birthday.
Mary's father Isaac disapproves of the romance and provides an excellent adversary for Christopher.
Christopher rivals his brother Tricky for the affection of Mary.
It is the early 1900s.
Distinguished philosopher Leopold (Ferrer) and his much younger fiancée, Ariel (Farrow), are going to spend a weekend in the country with Leopold's cousin Adrian (Steenburgen) and her crackpot inventor husband Andrew (Allen).
Also on the guest list is womanizing doctor Maxwell (Roberts) and his latest girlfriend, free-thinking nurse, Dulcy (Hagerty).
Over the course of the weekend, old romances reignite, new romances develop, and everyone ends up sneaking off behind everyone else's backs.
Joe (Woody Allen), the narrator, relates how two burglars got involved in a radio game after picking up the phone.
He goes on to explain that he associates old radio songs with childhood memories.
During the late 1930s and early 1940s young Joe (Seth Green) lived in a modest Jewish-American family in Rockaway Beach.
His mother (Julie Kavner) always listened to Breakfast with Irene and Roger.
His father (Michael Tucker), who regularly gave him a beating, kept his occupation secret.
Joe later found out that he was ashamed of being a taxi driver.
Other family members were Uncle Abe and Aunt Ceil, grandpa and grandma, and Aunt Bea (Dianne Wiest).
The latter was a serial dater, always on the lookout for a potential husband.
Joe's own favourite radio show was The Masked Avenger.
It made him dream of buying a secret decoder ring.
In Joe's fantasy the Masked Avenger looked like a hero, but in reality the voice actor (Wallace Shawn) was short and bald.
Other radio memories are stories about sporting heroes, news bulletins about World War II, a report of an extraterrestrial invasion, and a live report of the search for a little girl who fell into a well.
With his friends from school Joe was searching for German aircraft, but instead they saw a woman undressing in her bedroom.
She later turned out to be their substitute teacher.
Alone on the coast Joe saw a German U-boat, but he decided not to tell anyone because they wouldn't believe him.
Joe was fascinated by the glitz and glamour of Manhattan, where the radio broadcasts were made.
He visited the Radio City Music Hall, and described it as the most beautiful thing he ever saw.
Joe collected stories of radio stars, including that of Sally White (Mia Farrow), whose dreams of becoming famous were hampered by her bad voice and accent.
Starting as a cigar salesgirl she got stuck on the roof of the radio building with Roger, who was cheating on Irene.
After she witnessed a crime the gangster Rocco (Danny Aiello) wanted to kill her, but following his mother's advice he ended up using his connections to further her career.
She finally became a reporter of celebrity gossip.
On New Year's Eve Joe was brought down from his room to celebrate the transition to 1944.
Simultaneously the radio stars gathered on the roof of their building.
The narrator concludes that he will never forget those radio voices, although with each passing of a New Year's Eve they seem to grow dimmer and dimmer.
Young Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) wants to be in motion pictures, so her father (Dell Henderson) drives her across the country from their home in Georgia to Hollywood.
After some initial disillusionment, she meets Billy Boone (William Haines) in a studio commissary; he tells her to show up at his set if she wants work.
Peggy goes, gets sprayed with seltzer water at her first entrance, and is at first shocked and dismayed to find she is doing slapstick comedy in low-budget "Comet" productions, but she decides to "take it on the chin" and, with Billy's loving support, becomes a success.
Soon enough, Peggy is signed to a contract by the prestigious "High Art" studio and, as "Patricia Pepoire", becomes a real movie star.
She has fulfilled her dream of playing serious, dramatic roles, but she cuts off contact with Billy and the old comedy troupe, and soon becomes so conceited that her boring performances begin to drive away her public.
Fortunately, on the day of her marriage to her co-star, phony-count Andre Telfair (Paul Ralli), Billy bursts in and, by means of another spritz of seltzer in her face, as well as a custard pie in Andre's, brings her to her senses, rescuing her career and their mutual happiness.
Sarah Nolan, an attractive 40-year-old divorced preschool teacher, is urged by her family to date more.
Although they show her photos of men with whom they want to set her up, Sarah does not seem interested in pursuing any relationships.
Jake Anderson, another recent divorcee, finds himself in a similar position; his lawyer, Charlie, wants to set him up with a woman named Sherry.
However, Jake would rather focus on creating his handcrafted boats.
Sarah's sister Carol visits and they discuss Bob Connor, a parent from school.
Sarah is attracted to him but does not want anything complicated.
Carol reveals she set up an ad for Sarah on an online dating site, perfectmatchcom, using a picture from Sarah's high school graduation.
The description declares she is voluptuous and that her dates "must love dogs" (Sarah is currently caring for her brother Michael's Newfoundland dog, "Mother Teresa", while he goes through his own marital problems).
Sarah proceeds to suffer through several disastrous dates with men who cannot stop crying, are criminal, or like girls who are barely legal.
Jake is confronted by Sherry at an art gallery; she is curious why he did not call her, but again Jake does not seem interested.
Charlie then hands him a printout of Sarah's dating profile and tells Jake he has a date with her the next day at a dog park.
The date proves to be awkward: Jake shows up with a borrowed terrier and offends Sarah when he begins to analyze her profile.
Even worse, he reveals that the dog is not really his.
When she accuses him of being deceptive he points out that the requirement was "Must love dogs," not "Must own a dog".
Sarah leaves abruptly but agrees to see him again.
Sarah and Jake go on a dinner date where he asks her why she is not with her husband anymore.
She explains that he just stopped loving her and that he was never ready to have children.
Sarah acknowledges that her ex-husband is now with a woman fifteen years younger than she with a baby on the way.
The date progresses back to Sarah's house where they discover that neither has a condom.
They hastily drive around but when they finally find protection neither of them is in the mood.
Jake and Charlie are discussing Sarah when he admits that she intrigued him.
That night, Jake tries to call Sarah.
Meanwhile, Sarah has connected with Bob Connor.
She checks to see if Bob is home but discovers he is with June, one of her co-workers.
Sarah assumes they are on a date, and while fleeing the scene she drops her wallet.
Sarah arrives home to find her brother Michael, who is drunkenly dealing with his own marital problems, and Jake, who has been taking care of him.
Jake takes Sarah rowing and they share a kiss.
Afterward he takes Michael home while Sarah lights candles and sets the mood.
But Bob shows up instead of Jake.
He returns her wallet, explains that he and June are not involved, and then kisses Sarah just as Jake gets back.
Jake leaves, upset.
Around Thanksgiving Sarah calls Bob and they go to a hotel and have sex.
In the morning Bob is rude to Sarah and during the drive home Sarah realizes that he really did sleep with June.
He admits he didn't tell her because he thought they were good together and didn't want that getting in the way.
Meanwhile, Jake is talked into taking Sherry to see Doctor Zhivago.
Sarah notices Jake leaving the theater afterward, but while discussing the film with him she notices Sherry and realizes the two of them are on a date.
Sarah flees again, and when Sherry asks Jake up to her apartment, he declines and instead walks home.
Jake runs into a man named Bill outside a coffee shop, not realizing that this man is Sarah's father.
When Jake confesses that he is heartbroken, Bill mentions that he has a daughter who is single but Jake declines.
While drinking coffee with Sarah later, Bill quotes something that Jake said to him and Sarah realizes that Jake was talking about her.
She heads over to Jake's with Mother Teresa, but he is out on the lake with his boat.
When Jake can't hear her yelling from the shore she convinces a girls crew team to take her out to him.
Eventually she dives in and swims over to his boat.
After climbing in Sarah tells Jake how she feels about him and they kiss.
Later, when telling the story of how they met, they mention in unison that they found each other at a dog park.
Infuriated at being told to write one final column after being laid off from her newspaper job, Ann Mitchell (Barbara Stanwyck) prints a letter from a fictional unemployed "John Doe" threatening suicide on Christmas Eve in protest of society's ills.
When the letter causes a sensation among readers, and the paper's competition suspects a fraud and starts to investigate, editor Henry Connell (James Gleason) is persuaded to rehire Mitchell, who schemes to boost the newspaper's sales by exploiting the fictional John Doe.
From a number of derelicts who show up at the paper claiming to have written the original letter, Mitchell and Connell hire John Willoughby (Gary Cooper), a former baseball player and tramp in need of money to repair his injured arm (by Bonesetter Brown), to play the role of John Doe.
Mitchell starts to pen a series of articles in Doe's name, elaborating on the original letter's ideas of society's disregard for people in need.
Willoughby gets $50, a new suit of clothes, and a plush hotel suite with his tramp friend "The Colonel" (Walter Brennan), who launches into an extended diatribe against "the heelots", lots of heels who incessantly focus on getting money from others.
Proposing to take Doe national via the radio, Mitchell is given $100 a week by the newspaper's publisher, Norton (Edward Arnold), to write radio speeches for Willoughby.
Meanwhile, Willoughby is offered a $5,000 bribe from a rival newspaper to admit the whole thing was a publicity stunt, but ultimately turns it down and delivers the speech Mitchell has written for him instead.
Afterward, feeling conflicted, he runs away, riding the rails with the Colonel until they reach Millsville.
"John Doe" is recognized at a diner and brought to City Hall, where he's met by Bert Hanson (Regis Toomey), who explains how he was inspired by Doe's words to start a "John Doe club" with his neighbors.
The John Doe philosophy spreads across the country, developing into a broad grassroots movement whose simple slogan is, "Be a better neighbor".
However, Norton secretly plans to channel support for Doe into support for his own national political ambitions.
When a John Doe rally is scheduled, with John Doe clubs from throughout the country in attendance, Norton instructs Mitchell to write a speech for Willoughby in which he announces the foundation of a new political party and endorses Norton as its presidential candidate.
On the night of the rally, Willoughby, who has come to believe in the John Doe philosophy himself, learns of Norton's treachery from a drunken Connell.
He denounces Norton and tries to expose the plot at the rally, but Norton speaks first, exposing Doe as a fake and claiming to have been deceived, like everyone else, by the staff of the newspaper.
Despondent at letting his now-angry followers down, Willoughby plans to commit suicide by jumping from the roof of the City Hall on Christmas Eve, as indicated in the original John Doe letter.
Mitchell, who has fallen in love with Willoughby, desperately tries to talk him out of jumping (saying another John Doe has already died for the sake of humanity), and Hanson and his neighbors tell him of their plan to restart their John Doe club.
Convinced not to kill himself, Willoughby leaves, carrying a fainted Mitchell in his arms, and Connell turns to Norton and says, "There you are, Norton.
The people.
Try and lick that.
".
Frankie (Ione Skye) works at her uncle Leo's Cafe Blue Eyes in San Francisco (named in honor of family friend Frank Sinatra), and is hoping to meet her ideal lover, ideally one with blue eyes like Sinatra, while going to auditions with her friend Allison (Jennifer Aniston).
Frankie suffers from insomnia, and has not slept through the night since childhood, when her parents were killed in a car accident.
She spends most of her time at night reading.
Writer David Shrader (Mackenzie Astin), takes a job at the cafe, and Frankie falls in love with him, while he attempts to cure her insomnia, she reads his writings, and the two take turns reciting philosophical quotes and guessing their source.
The film is shot in black and white until Frankie sees David, when the film switches to color and David's eyes are revealed as blue.
David breaks Frankie's heart when she finds out that he is engaged to a lawyer, Molly (Leslie Stevens), but he eventually chooses Frankie over his fiance, and visits her in Los Angeles, where she has joined Allison, who is exploring an acting career.
The film ends with Frankie falling asleep in David's arms.
A subplot has Rob (Michael Landes), the gay son of Leo (Seymour Cassel), trying to convince his father he is straight, with the help of Allison "acting" as his girlfriend.
After Allison and Frankie leave, Rob comes out of the closet to his father, who in fact had known and accepted that Rob was gay for many years.
In Ireland, Jerry Kelly (George Murphy) marries his sweetheart, Nellie Noonan (Judy Garland) over the objections of her ne'er-do-well father, Michael Noonan (Charles Winninger), who swears never to speak to Jerry again, even though he reluctantly accompanies the newlyweds to America, where Jerry becomes a policeman, and all three become citizens.
Michael continues to hold his grudge against Jerry, even when Nellie dies while giving birth to little Nellie.
Years later, Jerry is now a captain on the police force, and little Nellie (also played by Judy Garland) has grown up as the spitting image of her mother.
When Nellie becomes enamored of Dennis Fogarty (Douglas McPhail), the son of Michael's old friend Timothy Fogarty (Arthur Shields), the squabbling between Nellie's father and grandfather intensifies, as Michael objects to the romance, and finally leaves home because of it.
Eventually, the three generations are reconciled, and Nellie and Dennis remain a couple.
Composer Roger Bond (Gene Raymond) and his orchestra are appearing in Miami, with vocalist Honey Hales (Rogers).
Despite the warnings of accordionist and assistant band leader Fred Ayres (Astaire), Roger is attracted to the beautiful and flirtatious Belinha (Dolores del Río) in the audience.
He leaves the bandstand to pursue her.
Doña Elena (Blanche Friderici), Belinha's chaperone, is informed of this, and arranges for Roger and the band to be fired.
But Roger pursues Belinha to Brazil, and organises an engagement for the band at the Hotel Atlântico in Rio de Janeiro, unaware that the hotel is owned by Belinha's father (Walter Walker).
Roger persuades Belinha to allow him to fly her there in his private plane, which runs into trouble inflight, forcing a landing on an apparently deserted island.
Under the moonlight, she falls into his arms, while admitting to him that she is already engaged.
In Rio, Roger informs his good friend Julio (Raul Roulien) that he has fallen in love, but finds out that Belinha is engaged to Julio.
During rehearsals for the Hotel's opening (a brief bit of Astaire tap), Fred is told by police that the hotel lacks an entertainment license.
When Roger spots a plane overhead, he comes up with the idea of strapping dancing girls to planes, with Fred leading the band and Honey and Julio leading the planes.
The show is a great success and the hotel's future guaranteed.
Julio gives Belinha up to Roger while Fred and Honey celebrate.
The story is about Phileine (Kim van Kooten) and her actor boyfriend Max (Michiel Huisman).
He goes to New York City to improve his acting skills.
Later on, without Max knowing it, Phileine also travels to New York.
On the plane, she meets an American couple: Fabian and Lena, who offer to bring her to the house of Max.
Fabian gives his phone number to call him during her stay for a tour.
Inside Max's house Phileine meets his friends: the bespectacled Jules, the sick Leonard, the Flemish Gulpje, the terrible Joanna and weatherman LT (Louis Theodore).
When Max comes home they of course immediately expanded 'wind and rain making'.
That same evening, a welcome party is held, but because of all the new impressions drinks and fatigue Phileine goes to bed early.
In the morning, she finds a note from Max that he had to leave early for rehearsal but that the two of them will have dinner together in the evening.
Phileine goes to the living room and meets Gulpje, soon they decide to be best friends and have lunch.
After lunch Phileine calls Fabian for a tour.
During that tour, Fabian gets a little bit to personal so she reminds him that he has a wife.
Max can’t make it to diner because his rehearsal runs out.
Phileine spends that night with the friends of Max.
Together with Gulpje she sturs the group around because they both like to joke around at the expense of others.
On day two, Phileine attends the premiere of Romeo and Juliet.
The play shows the sexual side of society, so it’s played naked and shows sex and masturbation scenes.
Part of the audience is so shocked that after the break they call out their displeasure and leave the theater.
Phileine is astonished but remains still in her seat until the end.
At the afterparty she tries to obtain explanations about what had happened on stage.
She asks Max and the director Reginald, but both don’t give her an answer.
With Max she quarrels but settles the matter later in a pub.
The next day she goes with Gulpje to Gulpje her tribe restaurant where the scene from “When Harry Met Sally" was filmed.
Phileine and Gulpje get the attention of two men and they invite them to their table.
They want to show off their tricks and begin gently with panting and moaning.
Initially the men find it funny, but when Phileine and Gulpje start screaming it out the whole thing gets embarrassing and they run out the restaurant.
A little later the women run into Jules and get conversation going about sexual harassment from men.
After an insulting remark of Phileine, Jules departs.
Only then does she discover that Jules is not a she but a he.
Phileine goes to meet LT, the boyfriend of Joanna the terrible, on his boat on the water.
They have sex in 'revenge' for the escapade between Joanna and Max on stage.
The next day they decide to go to the last performance of the show.
From the back of the theater they see that Max is about to penetrate Joanna on stage.
This time Phileine will not let this happen and makes a huge state by disrupting the play.
Max tries to defend his action by explaining it as art.
Phileine doesn’t accept this and gets the audience on her side in the argument.
The day after the newspapers are filled with what happened in the theater and Phileine is requested for a number of programs.
She goes to David Letterman's show where she takes control over the show and wins the support of the audience.
She is provided with money so she can stay the night in a hotel.
The next day, Max is at her door, to take her to an AIDS Gala of his friend Leonard.
She doesn’t want to go with him, so he lifts her up over his shoulder and takes her to a taxi.
The atmosphere between Phileine and the other people is hostile at the Gala.
Except for Gulpje, Phileine has offended or pissed off everyone else.
Even Max is furious at her because he finds out she has slept with lt  Eventually Phileine realizes why everyone is mad at her.
She gets on the stage and makes a speech in which she says sorry for the first time in her life to everyone who she has treated indecent.
She ends the speech with: "Sorry, that I exist".
Eliot is a dependable and reliable—though thoroughly average—young man with a streak of bad luck, terminally typecast as a nice guy in a life that mimics the clichés of typical romantic comedies.
In high school he was stood up by his date on Prom night when her ex-boyfriend, the most popular kid in school, swept her off her feet while Eliot was getting drinks.
In college, his next serious girlfriend's ex-boyfriend wooed her during a pep rally by announcing that he would abandon Lacrosse in favor of attending her audition to Juilliard.
During business school, he and his then-girlfriend are intercepted by one of her ex-boyfriends with a puppy.
Losing three girlfriends to their ex-boyfriends has made Eliot defensive at the proposition of being abandoned (yet again) and having his heart broken.
About a week before his wedding to his girlfriend, Caroline Swann, he discovers that she had a long-lost love in high school, Bradley, from whom she was inseparable.
Eliot tries to keep himself composed, but even Caroline's reassurances do not convince him that her feelings for Bradley are buried.
Though he makes a last-ditch effort to convince her to elope, she refuses, and Eliot starts bracing himself for the worst when Bradley drops by and begins trying to win Caroline's affections again.
In frustration, Eliot has a chance encounter with an office temp, Cecil (Michelle Williams), who shares the same elevator with him while he blurts out his unfortunate past.
As he resigns himself to losing Caroline to Bradley, Cecil offers him a ray of hope: she does not believe in "Baxters" and thinks that his predicament is avoidable.
The two meet up again later that night at a small club where Cecil likes to perform her original songs to finish their conversation, and Cecil states her theory: Eliot needs to take more risks.
His problems began in High School when he didn't ask his first girlfriend to dance because she was on crutches, and this provided the opportunity for her ex-boyfriend to reignite her passion.
Eliot decides to take more risks, though he is unsure on when and how to do so due to his reserved habits.
When Cecil has a fight with her boyfriend later that night, Eliot offers to put her up for the night.
The next morning, Caroline and their wedding planner (Peter Dinklage), show up early to finalize their plans.
Cecil wakes up Eliot, and he rushes to get ready in time for their arrival, and even though the night before had been completely innocent, he panics while getting ready and accidentally puts on Cecil's underwear instead of his own.
After an accidental spill, the wedding planner spots the panties on Eliot, which completely breaks down Eliot's calm.
During the meeting, Eliot makes a string of awkward suggestions, ranging from asking for a "funk" music theme and "baja cuisine" for their dinner plans.
Caroline, visibly upset, begins to doubt their relationship and almost runs into the hiding Cecil a few times, though Eliot manages to cover.
After the meeting with the wedding planner, Caroline calls off the wedding.
Eliot, having been stood up for a dinner with his parents, goes out to a bar with his friends from work where he accidentally runs into Cecil's boyfriend, Dan (Paul Rudd), and Bradley with his current girlfriend.
Though awkward at first, Dan dismisses any conflict when he realizes that Eliot is "the Baxter" that Cecil mentioned and actually thanks him for letting her stay at his house when they fought.
Dan and Bradley (now revealed that Bradley's girlfriend is an old friend of Dan) insist that the groups spend some time together and chat, much to Eliot's chagrin.
Both Dan and Bradley laugh and joke with Eliot's friends, until one of them mentions that Caroline left him.
Depressed and upset, Eliot leaves and contemplates suicide until he is interrupted by his friend, Louis (David Wain), who gives him a pep talk on behalf of Caroline, who was worried about him.
On Louis' advice, he buys flowers, candies, and plans to take Caroline wherever it will take to make things right.
When he arrives, he finds Bradley already at Caroline's apartment, swooning over Caroline and upset about breaking up with his girlfriend.
They cancel his reservations to an expensive restaurant and go instead to a burger place that Bradley knows well.
Eliot feels awkward because of Bradley's personal connections to the owner and patrons, while Eliot's refined tastes clash with the blue-collar atmosphere.
Even with the owner's help, Eliot continues to feel out-of-place and eventually calls Cecil from the back of the restaurant, confessing that he feels that his marriage will be over before it begins.
The next day, Eliot arrives at work to find that Cecil is his temp again due to a flu going around the office.
When she proposes that they both go out and have a drink to celebrate their mutual misery, Eliot explains that after his phone call, the night actually got better for him.
After their somewhat disastrous dinner, Bradley and Caroline demanded to go dancing and accused Eliot of being neither spontaneous nor romantic; he stands up for himself and defends his actions and firmly states that he is trying his best to change for her.
At the end of his speech, he also reveals that he has changed his mind and now wants to go dancing with them, having convinced himself to try even harder to change for her—and reminding himself that his problems began when he didn't ask his first girlfriend to dance when he had the chance.
Though embarrassed, the throws caution to the wind and accepts a lighthearted dance-off against Bradley, a former break-dancer.
By accident, Bradley's final move, a spinning windmill, bumps Eliot in the face, both knocking him to the floor and bloodying his nose.
Bradley apologizes and reveals, to everyone's surprise, that he will leave the next day with his science team.
Though happy for him, Cecil is saddened by the news because, like Eliot, she has always seen herself as a "Baxter" and hoped that the two could commiserate together.
When Eliot asks what she'll do next, she mentions that Dan has a new job in Cincinnati, and she'll probably follow him there to resume her singing there.
At Caroline and Eliot's wedding, Bradley crashes the ceremony and declares his love for Caroline—a split second after Eliot has started his own objection—and Bradley and Caroline live happily ever after, according to Eliot.
He takes off immediately to catch Cecil before she leaves town, and after a near-miss, finds her at her apartment.
The two talk for a moment and Eliot declares his love, when the sudden appearance of one of Cecil's old boyfriends interrupts them.
Eliot, refusing to let history repeat itself, simply chases him off rather than let him get started with another speech.
The film closes with the pair performing in the same club where they had their first date, with Cecil singing one of her songs and Eliot playing the piano to back her up.
In a mid-credits scene, the film returns to Eliot catching Cecil about to leave with Dan for Cincinnati.
Narration begins, mirroring the narration done by Eliot in the beginning of the film, with Dan revealing himself to be a Baxter as well, describing his lament at losing the girl (Cecil) to the leading man (Eliot).
Sir William Rutland (Cary Grant) is an important English businessman who arrives in the city two days early and is greeted by the housing shortage caused by the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
While at the British Embassy seeking help, he notices an announcement of an available apartment and decides to check the place out.
He finds himself at the residence of Christine Easton (Samantha Eggar), who insists that it would be improper to take him in as a housemate.
She forgot to advertise that she would prefer to rent to a woman.
Easton eventually lets Rutland stay—half because she is persuaded it is her patriotic duty to take him in and half because of Rutland's own self-assured pushiness.
Rutland then sublets half of his half of the cramped space to American Olympic competitor Steve Davis (Jim Hutton).
While Easton is less than thrilled with the arrangement, she has to put up with it, as she has already spent Rutland's share of the rent.
Rutland sets about playing matchmaker for the two young people, in spite of their disparate personalities and Easton’s engagement to boringly dependable British diplomat, Julius Haversack (John Standing).
Davis repeatedly refuses to reveal what sport he is competing in.
Rutland meddles in the young couple's romantic troubles.
To further his matchmaking, he even strips down to his boxer shorts and a T-shirt so he can pretend to be a competitor and talk to Davis during his event, race walking, and try to heal the breach between the young lovers.
Set in 1978 Chicago, Roll Bounce tells the story of a boy named Xavier (Bow Wow) (nicknamed "X") whose mother has passed, leaving him with his father, Curtis (Chi McBride) and his sister, Sonya.
After the local roller rink closes down, X and his friends are forced to skate in the ritzy uptown rink "Sweetwater".
Tired of being disrespected by the skate rental distributor (Nick Cannon) and other skaters at Sweetwater, the group enters a roller disco contest.
Their biggest rivals are the 5-year champion, Sweetness (Wesley Jonathan) and his crew, the Sweetwater Rollers.
The film centers on X's training for the competition while trying to work through problems with his father and his pretty childhood friend, Naomi (Meagan Good).
In the end, it not only comes down to gaining the respect of others, but also learning to respect themselves and giving roller disco their all.
Stella Payne is a very successful 40-year-old stockbroker raising her son, Quincy, and living in Marin County, California, who is persuaded by her best friend from college Delilah Abraham to take a well-deserved, first-class vacation to Montego Bay, Jamaica.
As she soaks in the beauty of the island, she encounters a handsome young islander, Winston Shakespeare, who is twenty years younger.
His pursuit of her turns into a blossoming romance that forces Stella to take personal inventory of her life and try to find a balance between her desire for love and companionship, and her responsibilities as a mother and corporate executive.
Matt Stifler, the younger brother of Steve Stifler, is eager to enter the family business of making porn films so he can prove himself to his older brother.
After Matt plays a prank on the school band, the school's guidance counselor Chuck "The Sherminator" Sherman, who attended high school with Steve, decides that a worthwhile punishment would be for Matt to attend band camp.
Matt is initially disgruntled by the idea but soon agrees to it, interested in the notorious sexual behavior of band camp girls (citing Jim's marriage and sex life with Michelle as an example).
Upon arrival, Matt is extremely disrespectful to the rules along with everyone at Tall Oaks and even gets his school's band in trouble.
Jim's dad, Noah Levenstein, the camp's MACRO (Morale And Conflict Resolution Officer) recommends he start trying to fit in and earn the band's trust.
Matt conspires with his nerdy roommate, Ernie, to film the other band members in a bid called 'Bandeez Gone Wild', using hidden cameras.
During a lunch time scuffle Matt accepts a duel with rival band leader Brandon, wherein the performers show off their music skills, with Brandon playing the snare drum, and Matt playing the triangle.
When it seems Matt has lost, he leaves the stage and comes back playing the bagpipes to the tune of "Play That Funky Music" to win the duel.
Matt and Elyse later are attracted to each other and share a kiss while watching clouds in the sky.
A Day before the finals the cheerleading group of East Great Falls arrive and catch Matt in band camp uniform and tease him by taking a photo and sharing it on the internet.
Matt later offers a deal of showing them his film 'Bandeez gone wild' in exchange of deleting his uniform photo.
While showing the girls his video a set of odd turn of events occur and Elyse sees the video hurt, she leaves.
The various school bands compete for points throughout camp with East Great Falls leading on the last day, but an ill-fated prank by Matt that was intended for the rival team, causes the band to lose and East Great Falls band member Elyse to lose a chance at a scholarship.
Once the new term starts, Matt visits with Chuck, who reveals that he and the rest of Steve Stifler's friends really couldn't stand him, and begins to fix his mistakes by deleting the naked videos he took of others at band camp, and then persuades the school band to play Elyse's piece to the Conservatory head, winning Elyse a scholarship (Brandon had been disqualified for plagiarism), and Matt her affection.
Theater owner and womanizer Martin Cortland (Robert Benchley) enlists the aid of his manager Robert Curtis (Fred Astaire) to woo dancer Sheila Winthrop (Rita Hayworth) but is caught by his long-suffering wife Julia (Frieda Inescort), who hints that he's gone too far this time and his increasingly unbelievable excuses might soon be judged by "twelve strange men".
Robert and Sheila are attracted to one another but Robert is caught in Martin's continual attempts to deceive his wife (and keep his marriage, and thus his fortune, intact) and Sheila doubts Robert's sincerity.
Captain Tom Barton (John Hubbard), an old friend and potential suitor, invites Sheila and her Aunt Louise (Marjorie Gateson) to visit him and his mother (Ann Shoemaker) on his Army base.
Coincidentally, Curtis is drafted into the Army and posted to the same base under the command of The Top Sergeant (Donald McBride), where he quickly befriends fellow draftees Swiv (Cliff Nazarro) and Blain (Guinn 'Big Boy' Williams).
Curtis finds himself imprisoned in the guardhouse, where he encounters the visiting Sheila and quickly spins his own web of lies (including a fictitious promotion to Captain) in an attempt to impress her and win her heart.
He "borrows" a Captain's uniform and visits her, where he is introduced as Captain Curtis to several other officers, including Barton and the officer whose coat he was wearing.
Sheila takes pity on him and allows him a graceful exit.
On his return to the guardhouse he finds his friends also confined for aiding him.
Martin appears on the base to produce a show for the enlisted men and (at his request) is assigned Curtis as his assistant, who offers Martin the use of his apartment in town and insists that Sheila be included as his partner in the show.
However, Martin is now in pursuit of another dancer, Sonya (Osa Massen), and has promised the lead to her.
Captain Barton learns that he is being transferred to Panama and asks Sheila to marry him and accompany him there.
Alarmed, Curtis races to his apartment to retrieve an engraved diamond bracelet that Martin had purchased for Sheila; unknown to him, Martin had had the bracelet re-engraved for Sonya.
Martin sends Sheila to town to bring Robert back before he's declared AWOL.
In his apartment Robert is startled to find Sonya, who was staying there at the invitation of Martin.
Sheila arrives with the MPs on her heels and helps Robert escape, but encounters Sonya and sees her name engraved on the bracelet.
She decides to marry Captain Barton and withdraws from the show.
Martin's ever-suspicious wife, invited by Curtis, arrives and Sonya is forced to leave the show as well, which is canceled for want of a leading lady.
Curtis' friends hold a demonstration to convince Sheila to return to the show.
Curtis arranges for a genuine Justice of the Peace to participate in a wedding scene, resulting in (unknown to her) their actual marriage on stage.
Martin confesses his machinations to Sheila, who embraces him in relief and calls on her new husband in the guardhouse.
The jilted Captain Barton generously arranges for Curtis' release for his honeymoon; the film ends with Swiv and Blain's inept attempt to break into the guardhouse to free Curtis.
Dex (Logue) is an unlikely Lothario - an overweight, thirtysomething part-time kindergarten teacher - who has developed an effective method for seducing women.
"The Tao of Steve", Dex's own personal pseudophilosophy on seduction, combines a Taoist outlook with the qualities embodied by TV characters such as Steve Austin (The Six Million Dollar Man) and Steve McGarrett (Hawaii Five-O) and, above all, by the actor Steve McQueen.
He meets up with Syd, an old college conquest whom he can't remember, but to whom he is instantly attracted.
However, she never forgot him, and is hurt that he got over her so easily.
Slowly, Dex subjects Syd to the "Tao of Steve", but Syd is immune to Dex's charms.
Gradually, he develops genuine feelings for her.
During a camping trip with Syd, Dex suffers chest pains and has to be taken to the hospital.
A doctor informs Dex that what he thought was a heart attack was merely heartburn, but cautions him that his lifestyle is endangering his health.
Later, at school, the husband of one of his conquests punches him in the face in front of his students.
Syd comes to Dex's house to console him, and they end up sleeping together.
The next day, however, she finds out about his "philosophy", and leaves in disgust.
Dex finally realizes that he needs to make changes in his life.
Sometime later, Syd is in New York City, working as a set designer.
She leaves a message on Dex's answering machine asking him to call her and talk about their relationship - only to see Dex himself standing before her, ready to give her a chance.
Marc has inherited the house of his late aunt on the Côte d'Azur and takes the family there on for their summer holiday, leaving their home in Paris.
Charly, who has never had a girlfriend, is thought to be gay by his parents and Martin, who is gay, is also staying with them.
Béatrix's lover Mathieu arrives in the village and manages to sneak opportunities to be with her.
When Martin goes out one night to the local gay cruising area - an old fort on a nearby hillside - Charly follows him and meets Didier.
After realising he isn't gay he calls Didier for help when the hot water stops working.
Didier then meets Marc and they realise how much they missed each other from when Marc used to visit the area in his youth.
Throughout everyone eats lots of fruits de mer, especially Sea Violets.
At the end everyone sings a song called 'Fruits de Mer', each with their preferred partner.
All her life, Isabella has suffered from motion sickness.
Because of her illness she couldn't play much with other children.
She stayed at home and learned how to cook, becoming a renowned chef as an adult.
She fell in love with Toninho and they opened a restaurant together, with Isabella stuck in the kitchen and Toninho out front taking the credit.
The only way for Isabella to control her motion sickness is to control her motion.
She must drive, take stairs instead of elevators, lead while dancing, and be on top during coitus.
Feeling emasculated by this, Toninho has an affair with a neighbor.
Isabella flees Brazil for San Francisco with her Afrio-Brazilian transsexual friend, who spent her early years with her in the fishing community of Salvador.
Despite old job offers from a number of restaurants, Isabella is unable to find a job until she takes over a cooking class at a local culinary school.
Cliff, a neighbor and local television producer, smells her cooking, follows her to class and signs her to host a live cooking show, Passion Food.
She makes Monica her assistant on the show.
Isabella performs a sacrifice to Yemanja, a Brazilian sea goddess, to harden her heart and make her never love Toninho again.
Back in Brazil, Toninho's restaurant is floundering without Isabella.
Toninho curses Yemanja, and the fishermen stop catching any fish.
He figures out that Isabella has gone to Monica and follows her to San Francisco.
He spots her on television and tracks her to the studio.
With a group of local street musicians, Toninho sneaks into the studio and onto the set, serenading Isabella on the live broadcast.
Cliff hires Toninho and the musicians for the show over Isabella's objections.
Isabella pursues a relationship with Cliff but Toninho continues trying to win her back.
Network executives offer to syndicate Isabella's show nationally, but only after demanding a number of changes, including firing Monica.
With the restaurant closed, Toninho apologizes to Yemanja, but tells her to "stay out of [his] business" with Isabella.
He quits the show and makes another attempt to win back Isabella.
Isabella goes after him but has to take an elevator, and her motion sickness slows her enough to allow Toninho to depart.
Isabella also quits the show rather than accept the changes demanded by the network.
Isabella, with her love still gone but now wanting it returned, tries to cook another sacrifice to Yemanja but finds her cooking talent is gone.
Undaunted, Monica substitutes some boxed macaroni and cheese.
Isabella makes the second offering but nearly drowns.
She has a vision of Yemanja, who rejects her new offering.
Isabella goes to collect her things from the television studio.
Toninho, sent by Monica, shows up and suggests they cook something together.
As they cook, the fish return to the village waters and Yemanja returns Isabella's original offering along with her love for Toninho.
The film closes with Toninho and Isabella operating a new restaurant as equal partners and with Cliff and Monica as a couple.
Robert "Bob" Davis (Fred Astaire) is a well-known American dancer with a weakness for betting on the horses.
After he loses his money gambling in Buenos Aires, he goes looking for a job with Eduardo Acuña (Adolphe Menjou), the wealthy owner of a nightclub.
Acuña, however, does not wish to see him.
Bob's friend, bandleader Xavier Cugat, invites him to perform at the wedding of Acuña's eldest daughter.
Acuña insists his daughters must wed in order of age, from oldest to youngest.
Maria (Rita Hayworth), who is next in line, is not interested in getting married, much to the dismay of Cecy and Lita, her two younger siblings, who have boyfriends they want very much to wed.
During the reception, Bob is attracted to Maria, but his advances are rebuffed.
While talking with Acuña, Bob remarks that Maria's personality is like "the inside of a refrigerator".
Aware of his younger daughters' plight, Acuña begins sending orchids and anonymous love notes to Maria to help get her in the mood.
One day, when Bob once again tries to see Acuña at his office, Acuña orders the unseen Bob, mistakenly assuming him to be a bellboy, to deliver the latest note and flower.
Maria, who by now is eagerly awaiting the next love letter from her secret admirer, sees Bob dropping off the note and flower and concludes that he is her suitor.
When Maria sees Bob at Acuña's office, she asks her father to introduce them.
He makes a deal with Bob: in exchange for a contract to perform at the club (at some later, unspecified date), Bob will court Maria and repel her with his "obnoxious" personality.
Despite Bob's efforts to disillusion Maria, the two quickly fall in love.
With his plan gone awry, Acuña orders Bob to leave Buenos Aires, and composes a farewell love note on his behalf.
Acuña's wife sees him writing the note at their 25th wedding anniversary party and accuses him of cheating on her with another Maria, her dear friend Maria Castro.
Bob is forced to reveal the truth in front of Maria and the rest of the family.
Impressed by Bob's behavior, Acuña grants him permission to court Maria.
After repeated deliveries of flowers fail to accomplish anything, Bob dresses up in armor and rides in on a horse, imitating Lochinvar, a fictional knight Maria had adored when she was young.
This does the trick.
Maria finally forgives him.
Alex, Antoine, Jeff and Manu have been friends for most of their lives and have achieved their professional goals, therefore all seems to be going well.
Suddenly, the death of a father, a wife’s infidelity and a daughter’s wedding affects them and brings them closer together.
Forced to confront situations beyond their control, they share their feelings, support each other, and question the true meaning of their lives.
They realise that their relationship with women is at the heart of all their problems, their conversations and their conflicts.
The Canfield and McKay families have been feuding for so long, no one remembers the reason the feud started in the first place.
One stormy night in 1810, family patriarch John McKay (Edward Coxen) and his rival James Canfield (Tom London) kill each other.
After the tragic death of her husband, John's wife decides her son Willie (the infant Buster Keaton Jr) will not suffer the same fate.
She moves to New York to live with her sister, who after the mother's death raises him without telling him of the feud.
Twenty years later, Willie (Buster Keaton Sr) receives a letter informing him that his father's estate is now his.
His aunt tells him of the feud, but he decides to return to his Southern birthplace anyway to claim his inheritance.
On the train ride, he meets a girl, Virginia (played by Keaton's wife Natalie Talmadge).
They are shy to each other at first, but become acquainted during many train mishaps.
At their destination, she is greeted by her father (Joe Roberts) and two brothers (Ralph Bushman and Craig Ward); she, it turns out, is a Canfield.
Willie innocently asks one of the brothers where the McKay estate is.
The brother offers to show him the way, but stops at every shop in search of a pistol to shoot the unsuspecting Willie.
By the time he obtains one, Willie has wandered off.
Willie is very disappointed to discover the McKay "estate" is a rundown home, not the stately mansion he had imagined.
Later, however, he encounters Virginia, who invites him to supper.
When he arrives, the brothers want to shoot him, but the father refuses to allow it while he is a guest in their mansion.
The father refers to this as "our hospitality".
When Willie overhears a conversation between the brothers, he finally realizes his grave predicament.
A parson comes to supper as well.
Afterward, the parson prepares to leave, but he finds it is raining furiously.
The Canfield patriarch insists the parson stay the night.
McKay invites himself to do the same.
The next morning, McKay stays inside the house, while the Canfield men wait for his departure.
The father catches McKay kissing his daughter.
McKay finally manages to leave safely by putting on a woman's dress.
However, a chase ensues.
He eventually starts down a steep cliff side, but is unable to find a way to the bottom.
One Canfield lowers a rope (so he can get a better shot) to which Willie ties himself, but the Canfield falls into the water far below, dragging Willie along.
Finally, Willie manages to steal the train locomotive and tender, but the tender derails, dumping him into the river towards the rapids.
Virginia spots him and goes after him in a rowboat; she falls into the water and is swept over the edge of the large waterfall.
McKay swings trapeze-like on a rope, catching her hands in mid-fall and depositing her safely on a ledge.
When it grows dark, the Canfield men decide to continue their murderous search the next day.
Returning home, they see Willie and Virginia embracing; Joseph Canfield furiously rushes into the room, gun in hand.
He is brought up short by the parson, who asks him if he wishes to kiss the bride.
Seeing a hanging "love thy neighbor" sampler, the father decides to bless the union and end the feud.
The Canfields place their pistols on a table; Willie then divests himself of the many guns he took from their gun cabinet.
Bollywood/Hollywood centres on the character of Rahul Seth (Rahul Khanna), a young, rich, Indo-Canadian living in Toronto whose widowed mother (Moushumi Chatterjee) is eager to get him married after the freak-accidental death of his white pop singer girlfriend, Kimberly (Jessica Paré).
Furthermore, the mother proclaims that the impending wedding of her daughter Twinky (Rishma Malik) and Bobby will not take place until Rahul has found himself a bride first.
The pressure mounts on Rahul as he finds out that Twinky must get married to preserve the family's reputation because she is pregnant.
Rahul goes to a bar and there meets Sue (Lisa Ray).
Thinking she is a Spanish escort, he hires her to pose as his fiancée.
Rahul eventually discovers that Sue is actually Indian (her name is short for Sunita).
Despite his initial anger at her lie, the two grow closer—due in no small part to a confidence boost Sue gave to Rahul's tormented younger brother, Govind, who incorrectly believes that no one cares about his welfare—and eventually consider one another a fit match.
Pleased, mrs Seth agrees to sanction Twinky's wedding.
Rahul and Sue grow more intimate, later to share stories about their pasts.
It is revealed that Sue was once offered as a bride to the well-meaning but dim-witted prizefighter known as Killer Khalsa; offended that her parents would even consider such a match, she has been playing mischief in revenge.
This mischief is not fully explained, but her liking for it is suggested by her audacity.
Sue is quite immune to social norms; she speaks bluntly to all, particularly to Rocky, Rahul's driver, who she knows as a famous drag queen.
The blossoming romance is shaken, however, when Rahul is told that Sue was not only an escort, but a prostitute as well by a drunken friend at Bobby's bachelor party.
Sue is so hurt that he would question her honesty and integrity that she leaves him.
He is forced to confess to his family that he never really courted Sue but merely bribed her to act the part of his fiancée.
His mother is forced to withdraw her sponsorship of Twinky's wedding, due to her promise—but she need not; Twinky's wedding has already taken place, well before the planned date.
Prodded by his understanding, Shakespeare-quoting grandmother (Dina Pathak), Rahul goes after Sue and professes his true opinion of her, and proposes marriage to her as well.
Sue initially turns him down, only to be found later in the driver seat of his limo to show her acceptance of his proposal.
Janie Barlow (Joan Crawford) is a young dancer who is reduced to stripping in a burlesque show.
Arrested for indecent exposure, she is bailed out by millionaire playboy Tod Newton (Franchot Tone) who was attracted to her while slumming at the theatre with his society pals.
When she tries to get a part in a Broadway musical, Tod intercedes with director Patch Gallagher (Clark Gable) to get her the job: he will put his money into the show, if Janie is given a part in the chorus.
Even though he needs the money, Patch is resistant, until he sees Janie dance and realizes her talent.
When, after hard work and perseverance, Janie is elevated to the star's part &ndash; replacing Vivian Warner (Gloria Foy) &ndash; Tod is afraid he will lose any chance of gaining her affection if she becomes a star, so he closes the show, and Janie, out of work, goes away with him.
Patch starts rehearsals up again using his own money, and when Janie returns and finds out that Tod has deceived her and manipulated things behind the scenes, she dumps him and joins up with her new sweetheart, Patch, to put on the show, which is a smash hit.
Wyatt Trips (Paul Rudd) is a student at Twin Cities College, Minneapolis, Minnesota.
He is in a long-distance relationship with his high school girlfriend, Kimberly Jasney (Christine Taylor), who is currently a student at the University of Memphis.
Wyatt loves Kim, even though they have never consummated their relationship.
One day when Wyatt calls Kim, her roommate's reply leads him to believe that Kim is cheating on him with some guy named "The Ricker".
Heartbroken, he goes to a strip club, gets drunk and becomes acquainted with one of the club's dancers, Ivy Miller (Reese Witherspoon).
She suggests to Wyatt that he break up with Kim by sending her a scathing letter and a topless picture of himself with Ivy.
Wyatt complies by sending the package through Global Express, an overnight delivery service.
The next morning, Kim calls Wyatt claiming "The Ricker" is a dog who she had to dogsit.
Regretting his actions, he realizes he has 24 hours to retrieve the package before it gets to her.
Wyatt and Ivy go to the Global Express office where, by chance, they encounter a spiteful classmate of Wyatt's (Sarah Silverman) who refuses to help them.
Wyatt tries to talk the deliveryman (Larry Drake) into giving him the package, but he thinks Wyatt is a spy for the company, and refuses to break the rules.
Wyatt buys an air ticket to Memphis, but his co-passenger turns out to be a serial killer, John Dwayne Beezly (Tobin Bell), who takes him hostage.
Wyatt escapes and runs into Ivy on the road.
Fearing that if he went back to the airport, the FBI would question him and he would not make it to Memphis in time, he begs Ivy to drive him all the way.
They happen upon the Global Express delivery truck at a gas station.
Wyatt breaks into the truck and locates the package, but the truck unexpectedly drives off.
Ivy gives chase but despite their efforts they fail to retrieve the package.
At their next stop, Des Moines, Iowa, airport officials do not allow Wyatt to board the connecting flight.
So they decide to travel to st Louis, Missouri to board another connecting flight.
En route to st Louis they have an argument which leads to an accident which ends up with their vehicle falling into the river.
They have dinner in a cowboy diner and then try to run out on the check, but get arrested.
After posting bail, they are let off and once again happen upon the delivery truck outside a diner.
While the deliveryman is having dinner, Wyatt decides to empty the truck's gas tank in order to stall him, but a carelessly flung cigarette butt sets fire to the gas and causes the truck to explode.
But even that doesn't stop the deliveryman (who is clearly over the edge by now) and he drives off.
Wyatt and Ivy then steal a drunk's car and drive to Kim's campus.
After saying goodbye to Ivy, Wyatt gives chase to the delivery man and stops him in time.
But after meeting Kim, Wyatt suddenly realizes that he loves Ivy and not Kim.
After breaking up with her, he runs into another guy who is wearing the same kind of locket that Kim gave him long ago.
Wyatt correctly surmises that the guy is none other than "The Ricker" and Kim was cheating on him after all.
He allows the delivery man to deliver the package, and confesses his love to Ivy, who kisses him passionately.
The film opens as Leo (Kevin McKidd), an openly gay man celebrating his 30th birthday, arrives home and is very unhappy to find a surprise-party organised by his roommates Darren (Tom Hollander) and Angie (Julie Graham) in full swing.
Leo has a complicated personal history with some of the guests and hides in his bedroom, feeling grumpy and old.
The movie then goes into an extended flashback which explains this history.
It turns out that his colleague had encouraged Leo to attend his weekly men's group run by New Age type goofball Keith (Simon Callow) whose wife is Sybil (Harriet Walter).
There, Leo meets hunky Irishman Brendan (James Purefoy) whom he develops a crush on, which he reluctantly reveals to the group.
However Brendan is straight and lives with his ex-girlfriend Sally (Jennifer Ehle) who is later revealed to be Leo's high school sweetheart.
A series of '' group exercises leads Brendan and Leo to develop a friendship.
As they bond, it becomes clear that Brendan's curiosity towards Leo starts to grow in a sexual escalade.
In the men's group, one of the other groupsmen become very jealous of Leo's "friendship" with Brendan and that he does not have that with Leo.
Brendan fights with the lad over Leo.
The friendship is soon to become more, as Brendan appears unexpectedly late one night at Leo's door and sleeps with him; after which they become something of a couple, to the consternation of one man in their men's group, though it encourages another, Terry (Con O'Neill), to explore his sexuality.
Meanwhile, flamboyant Darren has met real estate agent Jeremy (Hugo Weaving), who gets a kick out of having sex in houses for sale he has been given the keys to.
However, he is not interested into "couply" things, despite Darren's attempts.
Eventually this leads to them having sex with handcuffs and blindfolds in the bedroom of the house which Sally has on the market, during which she unexpectedly returns home.
Jeremy abandons Darren, who dumps him.
Leo gets close once more with Sally, and ends up kissing her.
Feeling guilty, he leaves in a panic, and ends up telling Brendan what happened, who goes ballistic as he still has feelings for Sally.
Leo finds himself in a quandary, and decides to confess to Sally that he is the one who is seeing Brendan (Sally had previously believed it was Leo's roommate Angie).
He inadvertently does so while Brendan is there too, and leaves Brendan to face Sally.
The film then returns to the party, where Brendan and Terry get into an argument over Leo and take it outside, where Brendan punches Terry on the nose, who crumples.
Brendan asks him to go with him for a drink (the same tactic he had employed with Leo).
Thus, Brendan starts dating; Leo's colleague and Angie get together; Jeremy and Darren make up; and Leo sleeps with Sally.
Pat Pemberton (Katharine Hepburn) is a brilliant athlete who loses her confidence whenever her charming but undermining fiancé Collier (William Ching) is around.
Ladies golf and tennis championships are within her reach, however she gets flustered by his presence at the contests.
He wants her to give up her goal and marry him, but Pat does not give up on herself that easily.
She enlists the help of Mike Conovan (Spencer Tracy), a slightly shady sports promoter.
Together they face mobsters, a jealous boxer (Aldo Ray), and a growing mutual attraction.
The story is set in 1750 during the time of Louis XV.
Benjamin (Jacques Brel) is a country doctor in love with the beautiful innkeeper's daughter, Manette, but she refuses his advances until he produces a marriage contract.
After suffering a humiliating practical joke and condemned to prison, Benjamin escapes with Manette, who realizes she prefers happiness to a marriage contract after all.
Ted Healy is a salesman for the Schmidt Costume Shop who likes to hang out at the fire station where Moe (billed as "Harry Howard"), Larry and Shemp (along with Fred Sanborn) work.
Old man Schmidt spends more time building crazy inventions (typical of devices by writer/cartoonist Rube Goldberg) than tending to his business; as a consequence he is bankrupt and his business is taken over by his creditors, who send a young man named Carlson to manage the business.
Carlson immediately falls for mr Schmidt's niece, Louise, but she resists him.
Meanwhile, a certain General Avocado wants to organize a revolution in San Stevedore and comes to the costume shop to order uniforms; sadly his army flees in fright without paying at the sound of a child bursting a toy balloon.
Ted also swings a deal with the Fire Department to supply costumes for the fireman's ball.
Carlson wants to take Louise, so Ted hatches a plan to take Louise, and have himself and Carlson dressed alike, then switch places at the ball.
When Louise learns of the switch, she runs back to the shop and locks herself in her room.
Carlson chases her home, and unknowingly starts a fire while trying to persuade her to come out.
The firemen (the Stooges) arrive to extinguish the blaze — with the unexpected help of one of Old Man Schmidt's inventions — and at last Louise and Carlson are a couple.
Les Anderson (Corey Haim) is a 16-year-old living in Southern California who tries to get his driver's license and falls in love with Mercedes Lane (Heather Graham).
After failing the knowledge portion of his driver's exam, Les takes the road test (and passes), following a computer surge that he inadvertently caused.
The Department of Motor Vehicles originally let him pass the exam (as his failing score was thought to be irretrievable after the computer surge) because his twin sister had scored so highly; they decided that twins could not be too different.
But when his test scores are finally retrieved, his new license is torn up and he is officially failed.
Les lies to his parents and friends, convincing them that he has passed the test.
Unfortunately, his parents find out the truth, and as a result, Les is grounded for the next two weeks.
That night, having already made plans to use his new license, he sneaks out of the house with his grandfather's prized 1972 Cadillac Sedan de Ville for a night on the town with Mercedes.
After showing him how Los Angeles looks from far away on a hill, she tells him that her father used to bring her to the hill.
While Mercedes is getting drunk, she and Les cause the hood of the car to slightly cave in by dancing on it.
Mercedes then passes out.
Les panics and goes to his best friend Dean's house, where Dean (Corey Feldman) fixes the dent in the car's hood.
Dean persuades Les to go out for a joyride, along with their friend Charles (Michael Manasseri), who are both still unaware that Les does not have a license.
The three, along with a blacked-out Mercedes (who they put in the trunk of the car), end up getting into all kinds of trouble and hilarity ensues as they cause ever more damage to the Cadillac.
Meanwhile, Les' extremely pregnant mother, late in the night, wakes up her husband, shouting that she is in labor.
The next day, Les does get in trouble with his father after returning home (after dropping Charles, Dean and Mercedes off) with the Cadillac, which is by now seriously damaged.
Luckily, Les is able to drive his father, his mother and little brother Rudy to the hospital — in reverse, because the Cadillac is so badly damaged it can no longer be put into drive.
After they get there, and Les' mother is taken into the hospital, a crane fails and a falling steel girder crushes the Cadillac, much to the shock of Les and his father.
The family prepares to explain the state of the Cadillac to Les' grandfather, expecting the worst, but Les' grandfather laughs it off when he reveals that he has severely damaged Les' father's own car, a BMW, in an accident.
Les' father tells Les that the BMW is all his now, and laughingly tells him to take good care of it.
Although Les thanks his father, he has changed his mind about getting a BMW, saying he does not need it anymore.
Mercedes pulls up in a white Volkswagen Golf Cabriolet, while Les says "I already have a Mercedes".
He then runs over and hops into the Cabriolet.
Les drives off with Mercedes, without his license.
Guy Stone (Matt Letscher) is blissfully closeted, picking up tricks for one-night-stands, while capturing the country's heart as "America's most eligible bachelor" (starring in such films as The Love Barrel and I Married the Ghost).
However, Guy's carefully managed façade collapses when he comes up for the lead inRO.
studio's version of.
Things turn sour for the film idol when a fellow actor, Freddie Stevens (Jack Plotnick) (famous in the film for portraying "Captain Astro" in a succession of Buck Rogers or Flash Gordon-type serial films), decides to steal the lead in Ben-Hur from Guy by taking a picture of Guy exiting a gay bar.
Freddie plans to out Guy to the world and ruin his career.
Jerry (Veronica Cartwright), Guy's repressed lesbian ball-bustingly ambitious agent, connives to cover up the impending outing and ensure Guy the role in Ben-Hur by marrying her client off with great fanfare to the studio head's secretary, Sally (Carrie Preston), who just happens to also be a slavishly devoted Guy Stone fan.
However, Sally isn't aware the marriage is a sham.
To avoid his adoring new bride as much as possible, Guy has Jerry sign him onto the next available film, which turns out to be 'Blood Mine' — a disastrously arch pro-union film about the corrupt goings on at a coal mine (with lines like 'how can they call this a MINE when everything is THEIRS.
').
The studio head, in fear of the red-baiting going on in Hollywood at the time, decides — true to Hollywood stereotype — rather than stop production on the film to instead water down the pro-union content wherever possible.
The young, idealistic, and terribly handsome writer of the novel that the film is based on, Rick Foster, quickly gets roped into convoluting the plot of this already-bad adaptation of his heartfelt book largely because of a chance meeting between him and the film's star, Guy.
The attraction the two men feel for one another is instantaneous and propels the rest of the plot forward.
The story sees brother and sister Tom and Ellen Bowen as stars of a show Every Night at Seven, a Broadway success.
They are persuaded to take the show to London, capitalizing on an imminent royal wedding.
On the ship, Ellen meets and quickly falls in love with the impoverished but well-connected Lord John Brindale.
Whilst casting the show in London, Tom falls in love with a newly engaged dancer, Anne Ashmond.
Tom assists Anne to reconcile her estranged parents and also asks his agent to locate Anne's supposed fiancé in Chicago – only to discover that he's married.
Carried away by the emotion of the wedding, the two couples decide that they will also be married that day.
Viola Hastings (Amanda Bynes) is a teenage girl who plays for Cornwall high school's soccer team until it gets cut.
Meanwhile, her twin brother, Sebastian (James Kirk), is supposed to enroll in Illyria, an elite boarding school, but he secretly goes to London with his fledgling band instead.
Viola agrees to cover for him and decides to pass herself off as Sebastian, in hopes of joining their boys' team and beating Cornwall to prove their coach and her cocky ex-boyfriend, Justin (Robert Hoffman), wrong.
With the help of her stylist friend, Paul (Jonathan Sadowski), she is transformed into "Sebastian" and attends Illyria in his place.
While moving in, she meets her roommate, Duke Orsino (Channing Tatum), an attractive soccer player and Illyria's team captain.
During tryouts, Viola fails to impress Coach Dinklage (Vinnie Jones) and is assigned to second string, much to her dismay.
Her teammates, including Duke, initially dislike "Sebastian" due to his awkward and strange behavior.
However, with help from Paul once again, they begin to accept him into their social circle.
"Sebastian" then gets the popular and pretty Olivia (Laura Ramsey) as his lab partner, which frustrates Duke, as he has feelings for her.
"Sebastian" agrees to put in a good word for Duke if he promises to train him to be a better soccer player.
Coach Dinklage eventually notices "Sebastian's" effort and improvement, thus promoting him to first string.
At the Junior League carnival, where her mother has made her volunteer, Viola works a shift at the kissing booth and shares a kiss with Duke.
Duke expresses to "Sebastian" that he might move on from Olivia as he is starting to like Viola now.
Viola is delighted as she secretly feels the same way.
Olivia who now has a crush on "Sebastian", asks Duke out on a date in hopes that it will make "Sebastian" jealous.
Viola, who is unaware of Olivia's true intentions, is enraged instead because Duke has now abandoned his interest in Viola.
When Viola finds out the truth, she encourages Olivia to tell Sebastian directly about her feelings.
The situation becomes even more complicated when the real Sebastian returns from London a day early, unbeknownst to Viola.
As soon as he arrives at Illyria, Olivia confesses her feelings and kisses him.
Duke, seeing this, believes his roommate has betrayed him.
When "Sebastian" returns to their room, the two have an argument and Duke kicks him out.
Viola oversleeps and misses the first half of the game, while the real Sebastian is mistaken for "Sebastian" and winds up poorly playing his sister's game instead.
At half-time, Viola explains the situation to Sebastian and they switch places again.
Duke, still furious at "Sebastian", refuses to cooperate with him on the field.
Determined to makes amends with Duke, "Sebastian" explains that he is actually Viola.
Illyria wins the game when Viola scores a goal, finally humiliating Justin and the rest of the Cornwall boys.
Everyone at Illyria celebrates their victory over Cornwall, except for Duke who is hurt about Viola's deception.
She invites Duke to her debutante ball, but he doesn't respond to her invitation.
At the ball, Viola is skeptical that Duke will show up, but he eventually does just in time to escort her on stage, where they share a kiss.
At the end of the film, Viola and Duke are shown happily playing on Illyria's soccer team together.
Arthur Bach (Dudley Moore) is still rich and still drinks too much, but he and Linda (Liza Minnelli) are now happily married.
The one thing missing in their life is a child.
Seeking revenge, billionaire Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), the father of Susan Johnson (Cynthia Sikes), the wealthy woman whom he jilted at the altar, takes control of his inheritance, leaving him broke and homeless.
Susan wants him back and is willing to break up his marriage if that's what it takes.
Arthur tries to sober up to rise up to the occasion and find a job, knowing his financial plight could ruin any chance he and Linda have of adopting a baby.
She assures a representative from the adoption agency that, despite his drinking, he would make a good father.
Through an elaborate scheme, he plots to get even with the Johnsons and get his money back.
In the end, he not only is able to get his money back and adopt a child, but Linda discovers she's pregnant.
The plot closely follows the original Israeli film Eskimo Limon (Lemon Popsicle), and revolves around protagonist Gary (Lawrence Monoson), a typical high school student in early 1980s Los Angeles, and his friends Rick (Steve Antin), the slick ladies' man, and David (Joe Rubbo).
Most of the plot involves their numerous attempts to have sex, which are usually successful for Rick and David, but rarely for Gary.
Early in the film the three boys pick up three girls with the promise of cocaine (instead they use Sweet'n Low).
They go over to Gary's house where he gets stuck with the homely and overweight Millie, a friend of the other two more attractive girls.
But their party is interrupted when Gary's parents return home and pandemonium ensues.
A love triangle develops between Gary, Rick and Karen (Diane Franklin).
Karen is a beautiful transfer student to their school who is a virgin that Rick is determined to deflower.
One day Gary delivers pizza to Carmela (Louisa Moritz), a sexy Latina woman whose sailor boyfriend is never home, and she tells him she wants more than just pizza.
Being too afraid to follow up on it, he goes away and convinces his friends to go along with him.
They drop by her home using the pretext they were nearby on a pizza delivery and decided to bring her over some extra pizzas.
She lets them in, puts on music and performs a sexy dance routine, to the delight of the boys.
She promptly fornicates with Rick and David, but her boyfriend Paco returns home just as Gary is about to have his turn, prompting them to flee.
Eventually, Rick gets Karen pregnant after they have sex only once, and he leaves her.
Gary decides to help Karen pay for her abortion by selling most of his possessions and borrowing money from his boss.
After the abortion, Gary and Karen spend the remainder of the weekend alone together in Gary's grandmother's house.
Whilst nursing her back to health, Gary tells Karen that he sincerely loves her.
Karen appears to reciprocate and they both share a tender kiss.
Karen invites Gary to her 18th birthday party the following week.
Gary scrapes up a few more dollars and buys Karen a gold locket for her birthday.
When Gary arrives at the party, his dreams of a lasting romance with Karen are shattered when he sees Karen making out with Rick.
Despite what Rick had put Karen through, she apparently decided to take him back.
Gary angrily leaves the party without saying a word to either of them, taking Karen's gift with him.
Tears streaming down his face, Gary drives home alone, emotionally broken and defeated.
Iris Simpkins (Kate Winslet), a society columnist for The Daily Telegraph in London, has been in love with Jasper Bloom (Rufus Sewell) for over three years, despite his infidelities and the fact they have broken up some time previously.
When she learns at a company Christmas party that he is engaged to be married, Iris despairs over the state of affairs in her life.
Meanwhile, Amanda Woods (Cameron Diaz), a workaholic in Los Angeles who owns a company that produces movie trailers, discovers that her boyfriend, Ethan Ebbers (Edward Burns), has been cheating on her with his 24-year-old secretary.
On the spur of the moment she decides to get away for the Christmas holidays and visits a home-exchange website on which Iris has listed her "quaint cottage in Surrey".
Amanda contacts Iris, and the two women quickly agree to swap homes for two weeks.
While Iris revels in the luxury of Amanda's Los Angeles home, Amanda is disappointed by the slow, quiet pace of life in Iris's Surrey cottage.
Amanda grows bored after just a few hours and books a flight home for the next day.
Later that night, Iris's brother, Graham (Jude Law), knocks at the door thinking Iris is home.
Graham asks Amanda to let him spend the night despite the fact that he is a stranger, as he has been drinking at the pub and doesn't want to drive.
Because of the obvious chemistry between them, they end up sleeping together.
In the morning, Graham receives phone calls from Sophie and Olivia, which arouse Amanda's suspicions that Graham has girlfriends.
Graham, knowing that Amanda is planning to return home imminently, says to Amanda that "if the flight gets cancelled, [he is] having dinner at the pub" with friends.
At the airport Amanda decides to stay and goes to the pub.
Graham enters the pub and looks for her but cannot see her until he meets his friends and then sees Amanda.
Amanda drinks far too much that night, and Graham agrees to stay the night with her.
The next day Graham suggests they go to lunch to get to know one another better.
During lunch, Amanda shares with Graham that her parents divorced when she was fifteen and since then she has been unable to cry.
Graham tells her that he cries all the time: movies, books, and birthday cards.
He also reveals himself to be a book editor.
While obviously enjoying each other's company, Amanda is nonetheless worried that the relationship will become "complicated".
Meanwhile, Iris is enjoying her stay at Amanda's house.
She meets Ethan's friend Miles (Jack Black) when he comes with his girlfriend Maggie (Shannyn Sossamon) to Amanda's house.
Later, she meets an elderly neighbour named Arthur Abbott (Eli Wallach), standing lost at the corner, and she escorts him home.
She learns that he was a screenwriter during the Golden Age of Hollywood.
The two become fast friends.
Arthur notes that Iris's relationship with Jasper is not serving her well, and he suggests movies for her to watch that include strong female characters, in hopes that she can acquire what he calls "gumption".
Amanda chooses not to see Graham again but, alone again in the cottage, she has a change of heart and surprises Graham at his house.
He looks uncomfortable at the door, Amanda asks Graham whether he is alone, and he says he isn't.
Before she can turn away, Olivia and Sophie come to the door, revealing that they are Graham's young daughters.
Inside the house, Amanda asks Graham in a whisper if he is married.
He says no, revealing that his wife died two years earlier.
Amanda asks him why he did not reveal the existence of his daughters to her during their lunch, and Graham explains that he doesn't usually tell women about them because he doesn't know how to date women while also being a dad.
Amanda gets along beautifully with Sophie and Olivia, making Graham consider how  Amanda might fit into his family life.
Iris discovers that the Screenwriters' Guild wants to throw a grand celebration in Arthur's honor, but he is reluctant to attend for several reasons, chief among them being that he cannot walk without the assistance of his walker, and does not want to embarrass himself on stage.
Iris encourages him to go because it's a tremendous honor for him, and promises to help him prepare to attend the award function with her.
She undertakes an exercise program with him, determined to help him walk without his walker.
During this time Jasper contacts her, asking her to assist with the book he is writing.
She agrees to look over his pages, but ends up having so much fun that she doesn't have the time.
Iris and Miles have slowly become friends, and one night go to the video store to rent some other films that Arthur had recommended.
From the video store, Miles sees his girlfriend Maggie in the arms of another guy.
He is shocked, as she told him that she was in Santa Fe on an extended film shoot and would not be inA.
on Christmas Eve.
He runs out of the store to confront Maggie and realizes that she has been cheating on him.
Iris and Miles then return to Amanda's house, where they discuss their tendencies to fall for people that they know are wrong for them, and they begin to bond with each other.
Shortly afterwards Miles and Iris are eating lunch together, and Maggie calls Miles wanting to see him.
Miles leaves to see her, but promises to come to Arthur's award ceremony that night.
Iris returns to Amanda's house, and is later surprised to find Jasper at her doorstep.
Iris is touched at first, but then asks if he is still engaged.
When he responds that he is, she finally realizes he is no good for her and breaks up with him for good.
Meanwhile, Maggie tries in vain to convince Miles to forgive her.
He realizes that Maggie was never meant for him, ends his relationship with her for good and rushes to attend Arthur's award ceremony.
Iris and Arthur arrive at the ceremony and are pleasantly surprised to find that, despite Arthur's fears that the ceremony would be sparsely attended, the hall is filled with attendees standing and applauding his achievements.
That, and the music that Miles wrote especially for Arthur for this moment, give him the confidence to walk onto the stage unassisted.
Miles arrives and asks Iris for a date on New Year's Eve.
Iris responds that she will be back in England by then; Miles replies "I've never been to England".
Iris responds that she would love to spend the evening with Miles.
Meanwhile, Graham confesses his love for Amanda on the night before she is scheduled to depart, but Amanda is still doubtful that a long-distance relationship will work.
On her way to the airport, she cries for the first time since she was fifteen years old, and returns to the house to find Graham crying, too.
Amanda tells him that she has decided to stay to spend New Year's Eve with him, and they embrace.
Iris and Miles celebrate the new year with Amanda and Graham and his daughters, enjoying the evening, and laughing and dancing together.
Duncan Fletcher (Will Friedle) is an average teenager in search of a date to his school's spring dance.
At the mall with his friends, he meets a girl named Hallie (Elisabeth Harnois), who happens to be the daughter of the President of the United States, George Richmond (Dabney Coleman).
Duncan, not realizing this, asks her to his school's dance.
She accepts and gives him her address and he replies by telling her he will pick her up at 7:00.
That night, Duncan's father (Jay Thomas) declines his request to borrow the company car, a red BMW 525i.
Duncan takes the company car anyway and goes to Hallie's to pick her up, only to end up at the White House.
He does not realize she is the president's daughter, and at first believes Hallie was playing a joke on him.
When he enters, Hallie has Duncan meet her father, and Duncan is informed that there are limitations on where they can and cannot go, and that the Secret Service will be with them the entire time.
Though Hallie says that she and Duncan are only going to dinner and a movie, she and Duncan sneak away from the Secret Service at the movie theater after sharing a kiss.
They go shopping and buy new clothes with Duncan's father's credit card.
As they encounter many obstacles throughout the night, both their fathers search for them through the city, resulting in their arrest for a traffic violation when a traffic cop fails to recognize the President.
Duncan and Hallie both manage to return home safely, but are unhappy as they realize after their first kiss how much they like each other.
Though they never make it to the dance, Duncan feels satisfied with the outcome of the date.
Though Duncan's father grounds him, after he cooled off for a bit, he is no longer grounded and he begins to spend more time with his son until he learns that Duncan used his father's credit card.
But he forgets about the credit card for a minute.
Duncan lose the bet and paid off his friends, since he didn't bring Hallie with him.
When President Richmond arrives at Duncan's school to thank him for Hallie's date, he allows Duncan to continue seeing Hallie and strikes up a friendship with Duncan's family.
As a result, Duncan's reputation at school improves from his status as the boyfriend of the President's daughter and Duncan's father is promoted at work after his boss is allowed to meet the President and play golf with him.
Hallie and Duncan are able to pursue a real relationship and happily go on a second date with the President's approval and the Secret Service SUVs and Marine One accompanying them.
Jack Singer (Cage) has sworn to his mother while she was on her deathbed that he would never get married.
Years later, he goes back on his promise and proposes to his girlfriend, Betsy (Parker), and quickly arranges a Las Vegas marriage.
They check into the Bally's Hotel.
Before the wedding, however, a wealthy professional gambler, Tommy Korman (Caan), sees Betsy and notices a striking resemblance to his beloved late wife.
He arranges a crooked poker game (with Jerry Tarkanian as one of the other players) where Jack borrows $65,000 after being dealt a straight flush (7-8-9-10-Jack of clubs), only to lose to the gambler's higher straight flush (8-9-10-Jack-Queen of hearts); Tommy, however, promises to erase the debt - if he can spend the weekend with Singer's fiancée.
After getting Korman to agree to no sex, the desperate couple agrees.
Jack tries desperately to get Betsy back and discovers that Tommy has taken her to Hawaii, where he has a vacation home.
The gambler also has a taxi driver friend, Mahi Mahi (Pat Morita), and asks him to keep Jack as far as possible from him and Betsy.
Jack discovers this, steals the taxi, and sees Betsy outside the Kauai Club, where he's attacked by Tommy and arrested.
After dr Molar bails Jack out of jail, Mahi Mahi meets him outside and admits that Korman left for Vegas with Betsy and has convinced her to marry him.
Mahi races Jack to the airport.
Betsy decides she cannot go through with the wedding and escapes from Tommy.
Meanwhile, after changing many planes and finding himself stuck in San Jose, Jack tries frantically to find a flight to Vegas.
Finally, he finds a group about to depart for Vegas, but, much to his surprise, finds out mid-flight that they are the Utah chapter of the "Flying Elvises" - a skydiving team of Elvis impersonators.
Jack now realizes that he will have to skydive from 3,000 feet in order to get to Betsy.
Jack eventually is able to overcome his fear and lands and spots Betsy, which then ruins Tommy's plans.
The final scene shows Jack and Betsy getting married in a small Las Vegas chapel with the Flying Elvises as guests, Jack still in his white illuminated jumpsuit and Betsy in her stolen showgirl outfit.
Wayne Dobie (De Niro) is a shy Chicago Police Department crime scene photographer who has spent years on the job without ever drawing his gun; his colleagues jokingly call him "Mad Dog".
Mad Dog saves the life of mob boss Frank Milo (Murray) during a hold-up in a convenience store.
Milo offers Mad Dog a gift in return: for one week, he will have the "personal services" of Glory (Thurman), a young woman who works as a bartender at Milo's club.
Mad Dog learns that Glory is trying to pay off a personal debt and wants nothing to do with Milo after the debt is paid off.
After an awkward start, they fall in love.
Mad Dog wants her to move into his apartment, but Milo has no intention of letting Glory go.
Milo says that Mad Dog has to pay $40,000 to give Glory her freedom, and sends one of his thugs to enforce the threat.
Mad Dog's partner, Mike (Caruso), saves Mad Dog from the thug.
Mad Dog does his best to get the money but falls short by $12,500.
Knowing that Mike can't protect him, he courageously stands up to Milo himself, and ends up brawling with Milo in the street.
Humiliated, Milo makes peace with Mad Dog and lets Glory go with no strings attached.
While moored at a port in the South of France, Joan Wilder's (Kathleen Turner) and Jack Colton's (Michael Douglas) romance has grown stale.
Joan, suffering writer's block, wants to return to New York, while Jack prefers aimlessly sailing the world on his boat, the Angelina.
At a book signing engagement, Joan meets Omar (Spiros Focás), a charming Arab ruler who wants Joan to write his biography.
Joan accepts and leaves with Omar over Jack's protests.
Jack later runs into Ralph (Danny DeVito), the swindler from Jack and Joan's previous adventure in Colombia who demands Jack turn over the gem Jack and Joan found.
Shortly after, an Arab, Tarak (Paul David Magid), informs Jack about Omar's true intentions and claims that Omar has the "Jewel of the Nile"; and just as Tarak finishes his explanations, the Angelina mysteriously explodes.
Ralph and Jack team up to find Joan and the fabled jewel.
Joan soon discovers that Omar is a brutal dictator rather than the enlightened ruler he claimed will unite the Arab world.
In the palace jail, Joan encounters Al-Julhara (Avner Eisenberg), a holy man who is the "Jewel of the Nile" and whom Omar fears.
The pair escape and find Jack, and they flee into the desert in Omar's hi-jacked F-16 fighter aircraft.
Ralph is captured by Tarak's rebel Sufi tribe who are sworn to protect the Jewel so he can fulfill his people's destiny.
After encountering a Nubian mountain African tribe, Joan and Jack's romance is rekindled.
Joan tells Jack that the jewel is Al-Julhara and not a gem stone.
In Kadir, Omar intends to use a smoke-and-mirror-special effect to convince onlookers that he is the prophet who will unite the Arab world.
Jack, Joan, and Al-Julhara arrive to expose Omar but are captured.
Omar suspends Jack and Joan with ropes over a deep pit while Al-Julhara is in a stockade; Ralph, along with the Sufi tribe, arrives in time to rescue the three prisoners.
As Omar takes center stage to address the Arab people, Jack and Joan disrupt the ceremony while the Sufi battle Omar's guards.
A fire breaks out, engulfing Omar's stage.
Jack and Joan are separated, and Omar corners Joan atop the burning scaffolding.
Jack knocks Omar over the side, killing him.
Al-Julhara rises and safely walks through the flames, fulling the prophecy that he is the true spiritual leader.
The following day, Jack and Joan are married by Al-Julhara.
Ralph laments having gained nothing for his efforts, but Tarak acknowledges that he is a true Sufi friend and presents him with a jeweled dagger as Jack and Joan happily sail away down the Nile.
Charles Lodge (William Powell), a free-spirited bohemian who lives in a cluttered car trailer, disrupts the well-ordered life of successful, hardworking businesswoman Margit Agnew (Myrna Loy) when he convinces her younger sister Irene (Florence Rice) that she should become an actress.
However, Margit is determined that Irene marry the fiancé she (and her mother before) had personally picked out for her sister, the pliable, weak-willed cousin Waldo (John Beal).
Fed up with Waldo's lack of initiative during a four-year engagement, Irene becomes infatuated with Charles.
He pretends to return her feelings so he can stay close to Margit.
When Margit confronts him, he agrees to never see Irene again if Margit will let him paint her portrait.
She reluctantly agrees to three weeks of sittings.
As they spend time together, she begins to respond to his decidedly unconventional charms.
Meanwhile, Charles tries to teach Waldo to stand up for himself so that he can regain Irene's regard, but with little luck.
When Irene shows up unexpectedly at his trailer, Charles gets her to leave, but she is spotted by Margit.
Believing he lied about giving Irene up, she angrily smashes the painting over his head.
Charles arranges for a wedding, ostensibly to marry Irene, but actually as a ploy to simultaneously reconcile Irene and Waldo and win Margit's hand.
However, Waldo is nowhere to be seen when Charles is asked if he will take Irene for his wife.
He is forced to answer no, and that he is really in love with Margit.
She finally admits she loves him too.
A drunk Waldo then shows up, punches Charles in the nose and carries a delighted Irene off.
Lanie Kerrigan (Angelina Jolie), a successful reporter for a Seattle television station, interviews a self-proclaimed prophet, Jack (Tony Shalhoub), to find out if he really can predict football scores.
Instead, Prophet Jack not only predicts the football score, and that it would hail the next day, but also that she would die in seven days, meaning the following Thursday.
When his first two prophecies turn out to be correct, Kerrigan panics and again meets with Jack, asking him for another prophecy so that she can prove it wrong, which would imply uncertainty of her death.
Jack tells her that there will be a relatively significant earthquake in San Francisco at 9:06 am; she hopes that it will be wrong but again it also becomes reality.
Now Lanie becomes sure of her upcoming death and is forced to reevaluate her life.
The remainder of the storyline - which runs for the week of the prophecy - revolves around her attempts at introspection.
She seeks consolation in her famous baseball player boyfriend Cal Cooper (Christian Kane), and in her family, but finds little there.
Her lifelong ambition, that of appearing on network television, begins to look like a distant dream.
In her desperation, she commits professional blunders, but ends up finding support in an unlikely source: her archenemy, the cameraman Pete Scanlon (Edward Burns), with whom she once had casual sex.
He introduces her to a new approach to life; to live every moment of her life and to do whatever she always wanted to do.
Lanie implements Pete's advice; she moves in with Pete for a day, and he introduces her to his son Tommy (Jesse James Rutherford), who lives with his mother, and they spend a whole day together with Tommy.
That night they sleep together for the second time.
The next day Lanie receives an opportunity for a job she always dreamed of in New York.
She asks Pete to come with her, but he declines and tells her that her appetite for success and fame will never end.
Lanie sadly leaves for New York.
Pete meets Jack and tells him how wrong he is, as Lanie got the job which Jack foretold she would not get.
But Jack explains that he was right as Lanie will never be able to get the job as she'll die before it begins.
He again gives a prophecy of the death of a famous former baseball player in a plane crash.
Pete receives the news of the death of the baseball player as foretold by Jack, and tries to call Lanie to warn her.
When he cannot reach her, he flies to New York.
Lanie - unconcerned with Jack's prophecy - interviews her idol, famous media personality Deborah Connors (Stockard Channing).
Lanie realizes how petty the opening questions are and shares a heartfelt moment with Deborah live on air.
The interview receives huge ratings.
The network immediately offers her a position, but Lanie declines, realizing that she wants a life with Pete in Seattle.
As she leaves the studio, a police officer gets into a conflict with a man, who shoots a bullet into the air.
Pete tries to warn Lanie across the street, but she is shot in the crossfire.
Luckily, Lanie survives, and Pete tells her in the hospital that he has loved her since the first time he saw her, and Lanie says she loves him, too.
Later, Pete, Lanie and Tommy watch Cal's baseball game, while Lanie (in a voiceover) says that one part of her has died — the part which didn't know how to live a life.
The legend of "Claire of New Orleans" is born after two fishermen find a wedding dress floating around on the Mississippi River one day.
The legend tells that the Countess Claire Ledux disappeared on her wedding day in the year of 1840, and when the dress was found, the people of New Orleans assumed that the bride had committed suicide by throwing herself into the river.
This is how the story begins, and then we find out what really happened, as the story of Claire Ledux is revealed.
When Claire arrives in New Orleans for the first time in her life she has a strong ambition to become Mrs Charles Giraud - a very rich and renowned banker.
She gets her opening one night at the opera, when she manages to bet the seat next to the banker.
Trying to catch the unsuspecting banker's attention she fakes fainting in her seat.
The banker immediately rushes to her rescue and Claire's mission is accomplished.
Desperate to the beautiful Claire again, Charles sends his valet over to Claire's maid Clementine after the opera.
The maid forwards the message, asking Claire to meet with Charles in the park.
Claire and the maid make a plan to let a man harass Claire in the park, so that Charles can come to her "rescue".
But even the simplest plans go wrong, and on the way to the park Claire's carriage runs over a monkey by accident.
The monkey belongs to river boat captain Robert Latour.
he stops the carriage, but since Clementine believes this is the man they hired to make a fuzz with them, she tells the driver to go on and ignore the man.
Robert Latour is aggravated by this behaviour and tips the carriage over.
After this incident, where Charles was not only stood up by Claire since the carriage never arrived, but also deprived of a chance to come to her aid, he swears to avenge Robert Latour's insolent behaviour.
He also vows to properly take care of and guard Claire every night from now on.
Attending a Mardi Gras festivity, Claire recognizes Robert Latour in the crowd, and points him out to Charles, who is quick to challenge Robert to a duel.
Robert gets to choose weapons, and he chooses knives, something Charles isn't quite prepared for.
Robert gets a distinct advantage over Charles in the duel, and Claire steps in to interrupt what she fears will be the end of the banker's life.
She tells Charles that she mistook Robert for someone else, thus ending the battle.
So settle the matter once and for all, Robert invites Claire to dinner on his rover boat the following night.
He borrows 150 dollars to pay for the feast.
But while Claire is getting ready for her meeting with Robert, Charles arrives and throws her a proposal of marriage there on the spot.
Claire accepts his proposl, and sends a message via her maid to Robert, cancelling the dinner without telling him the real reason.
Robert fears that Claire is taken ill and in need of a doctor.
He rushes over to her house to offer his assistance, but sees Charles through the window, and realizes the real reason for her rejection.
Only two days before their wedding Charles throws a party in Claire's honor.
To the party comes many distinguished guests, and among them are the newly arrived Russian gentleman Zolotov.
This man sees Claire and recognizes her from st Petersburg.
During the evening Zolotov tells stories of Claire to a friend of his, Bellows, and Charles' brother-in-law hears them talk.
Charles hears of the stories and is upset, challenging Zolotov to a duel.
Zolotov has no wish to enter a duel with the banker, and swears he must have been mistaken, since the girl he knew was known to fake fainting to get a man's attention.
At this point Claire faints - for real this time, and is carried out of the room.
The next day Charles comes to visit Claire in her home in order to break off their engagement.
He doesn't get to meet Claire, but is instead confronted by a woman named Lili - Claire's look-alike and illegitimate cousin from st Petersburg.
A woman of highly questionable reputation, seen from Charles' point of view.
Charles agrees to meet with Lili that same night at the Oyster Bed Café, located down by the docks.
Charles brings Zolotov and Bellows to the restaurant, and demands that Lili leave town never to return - he doesn't wish to be associated with the kind of woman she is.
Feeling threatened, Lili decides to leave, but before she does she bumps into Robert Latour.
Robert opens his heart to Lili and tells her he is in love with Claire, and has been since he first met with her.
Charles finds Lili and Robert talking, and promises to settle Robert's loan debt if he takes Lili out of New Orleans.
Robert agrees to this.
Robert passes by Claire's house and peers through the window, seeing Lili inside.
He puts two and two together and realizes that Lili and Claire are the same person.
He doesn't confront her, but tells what he has found out to Charles.
They conspire to abduct Lili/Claire and hide her away on Robert's boat until the wedding.
Once Robert arrives back to his boat with Claire, he sets her free and she decides to stay the night.
The morning after Claire tells Robert that they will never see each other again.
The wedding is held as planned a day later, but when Claire sees Robert as one of the guests, she realizes that he is the one she loves and fakes fainting again.
In the turmoil that follows, Claire disappears and is nowhere to be found.
She sails away with Robert on his boat, and throws her wedding dress into the Mississippi river.
In 1947, a United States congressional committee which includes prim Phoebe Frost of Iowa (Jean Arthur) arrives in post-World War II Berlin to visit the American troops stationed there.
Phoebe hears rumors that cabaret torch singer Erika von Schlütow (Marlene Dietrich), suspected of being the former mistress of either Hermann Göring or Joseph Goebbels, is being protected by an unidentified American officer.
She enlists Captain John Pringle (John Lund), another Iowan, to assist in her investigation, unaware he is Erika's current lover.
After seeing Erika with Adolf Hitler in a newsreel filmed during the war, Phoebe asks John to take her to army headquarters after hours to retrieve the singer's official file.
In order to distract her, John woos Phoebe, who initially resists his romantic advances but eventually succumbs to his charms.
Colonel Rufus Plummer (Millard Mitchell) advises John he is aware of his relationship with Erika and orders him to continue seeing her in the hope she will lead them to another of her ex-lovers, ex-Gestapo agent Hans Otto Birgel (Peter von Zerneck), believed to be hiding in the American occupation zone.
Meanwhile, Erika and Phoebe are arrested during a raid designed to catch Germans without proper identification papers at the Lorelei, the nightclub where Erika performs.
At the police station, Erika claims Phoebe as her cousin in order to secure her release.
Phoebe, grateful for Erika's intercession on her behalf, goes with her to her apartment, where Erika confesses that John is her lover just before he arrives.
Humiliated, Phoebe leaves.
Colonel Plummer attempts to reconcile Phoebe and John.
John is targeted by a jealous and armed Birgel at the Lorelei, but Birgel is killed by American soldiers who shoot him first.
Erika is arrested and sentenced to serve time in a labor camp, and Phoebe and John are reunited.
Michael Ryan is a high school student who receives an anonymous love letter.
Michael is obsessed with Deborah Ann Fimple, the class beauty, and his best friend, Roger, convinces him that the letter is from her.
However, he is totally oblivious that his friend Toni Williams is in love with him.
Michael writes Deborah Ann an anonymous love letter in return, and asks Toni to give it to her.
Toni reads the letter and realizing it's poorly written and unromantic (since Michael had copied words from greeting cards), she rewrites it.
Elizabeth Fimple, Deborah Ann's mother, discovers the letter.
Her jealous police officer husband, Lou Fimple, sees her reading it.
He steals the letter, and believes that his wife is having an affair.
He suspects his neighbor (and bridge partner) George Ryan.
George also reads the letter (although by mistake) because Lou's wife is his night school teacher and it somehow ends up in his book.
When George asks her about it, he assumes she wants to have an affair with him, despite the fact his wife and she are friends.
Meanwhile, Lou shows the letter to George's wife, Connie, and proposes that they expose the adulterers.
Receiving no response from Deborah Ann, Michael writes a second letter, which Toni again rewrites.
Michael experiences a series of wacky adventures with his friends throughout the summer before his Senior year in High School.
After Toni arranges a meeting between the two, he tells Deborah Ann that he wrote the love letters, and she finally agrees to a real date, during which they are almost caught by Debbie's jock college "quasi boyfriend" Steve, but Toni intervenes by pretending to seduce him and later ditches him.
After a short while Michael realizes Deb is snobby and shallow, not like he expected her to be and begins to realize his true feelings for Toni.
Eventually, Michael and Deb break up at his birthday party, refusing to sleep with her when she intends for his birthday present.
Eventually, Lou and Connie cannot control themselves at a bridge party: Lou assaults George, and Connie has a breakdown in front of her friends.
When Michael returns home, finding his parents arguing and his mother reading his letter.
Michael angrily tells his parents the letter actually belongs to him while scolding them for invading his private mail, leaving them in a state of shock.
At Deborah's house, Lou confronts Elizabeth about the letter, Deborah Ann overhears him reading the words and tearfully reprimands him, revealing the letter is hers.
Angered that her parents invaded her privacy, Deborah Ann heads to her room and breaks down into tears.
Later, Michael returns to Toni's house, confessing that nothing happened between him and Deborah and in the process confesses his feelings for Toni and wonders if anything can ever happen between them.
However, refusing to admit her feelings after everything that happened, Toni rejects Michael.
Just as the fall semester is about to start, Deborah confronts Michael about the love letters, but upon seeing them Michael learns they aren't the letters he wrote and realizes that Toni wrote the original love letter (by comparing Debbie's letter to Toni's handwriting).
He races to her home, but is told that she has left for a study abroad program aboard a ship that will keep her away for a full year.
Michael rushes to the dockyard after a brief scuffle with Steve, screaming his love for Toni.
After shouting her love for him as the ship continues to sail away, he dives into the water, but cannot reach the ship.
Toni dives into the water, too.
The lovers embrace in the water and kiss.
An anthropologist, Professor Robert Orville Sutwell is secretly studying the "wild mating habits" of Southern California teenagers who hang out at the beach and use strange surfing jargon.
After he temporarily paralyzes Eric Von Zipper, the leader of the local outlaw motorcycle club, who was making unwanted advances on Dolores, she develops a crush on the Professor.
Her surfing boyfriend Frankie becomes jealous and begins flirting with Ava, a Hungarian waitress.
Meanwhile, Sutwell's assistant Marianne further develops her crush on the Professor.
Von Zipper and his gang plot to bring down Sutwell, only to be thwarted in the end by the surfing teenagers.
After seven years, lawyer Nick Arden (Cary Grant) has his wife Ellen (Irene Dunne), missing since her ship was lost, declared legally dead so he can marry Bianca (Gail Patrick).
It turns out however that Ellen was merely shipwrecked on a deserted island, and has been rescued.
When she returns home, she learns that Nick has just left on his honeymoon with his second wife.
When Ellen tracks him down before his honeymoon night, he is at a loss as to how to break the news to Bianca.
He keeps putting off the unpleasant business.
Meanwhile, Bianca becomes frustrated by Nick's odd behavior (especially the non-consummation of their marriage) and calls in a psychiatrist, dr Kohlmar (Pedro de Cordoba).
Further complications ensue when an insurance adjuster (Hugh O'Connell) mentions to Nick a rumor that Ellen was not alone on the island, but had the company of a Stephen Burkett (Randolph Scott) and that they called each other "Adam" and "Eve".
When Nick confronts Ellen, she recruits a mousy shoe salesman (an uncredited Chester Clute) to pretend to be Stephen, but Nick has already tracked down the real, appallingly virile and handsome Stephen (Randolph Scott).
Nick tries to explain the situation to Bianca and dr Kohlmar, but they do not believe him.
until he is arrested on a charge of bigamy.
In court, Judge Bryson (Granville Bates), the same judge who had Ellen declared legally dead and also married Nick and Bianca, annuls the second marriage.
By this time, Ellen is no longer sure of Nick's feelings for her.
Stephen asks her to marry him and return with him to the island, but she still loves Nick.
In the end, Nick and Ellen are reconciled.
Ellen Wagstaff Arden (Doris Day), a mother of two young girls named Jenny and Didi, was believed to be lost at sea following an airplane accident.
Her husband, Nick Arden (James Garner), was one of the survivors.
After five years of searching for her, he decides to move on with his life by having her declared legally dead so he can marry Bianca (Polly Bergen), all on the same day.
However, Ellen is alive; she is rescued and returns home that particular day.
At first crestfallen, she is relieved to discover from her mother-in-law Grace (Thelma Ritter) that her (ex-) husband's honeymoon has not started yet.
When Nick is confronted by Ellen, he eventually clears things up with Bianca, but he then learns that the entire time Ellen was stranded on the island she was there with another man, the handsome, athletic Stephen Burkett (Chuck Connors) - and that they called each other "Adam" and "Eve".
Nick's mother has him arrested for bigamy and all parties appear before the same judge that married Nick and Bianca earlier that day.
Bianca and Ellen request divorces before the judge sends them all away.
Bianca leaves Nick, while Ellen storms out, still married to Nick, declared alive again.
Ellen returns to Nick's house unsure if her children will recognize her.
Her children welcome her home, and so does Nick.
When Katie Gregerstitch visits her boyfriend Billy in New York, she finds him in bed with another woman.
Thus, Billy breaks up with Katie, who then leaves to stay with her close friend Haley.
She convinces Katie to start an independent life of her own, instead of sitting around doing nothing.
One day, when Haley has to go to an audition, Katie takes over her job as a messenger and eventually has to deliver a shipment to a large building construction company.
The deputy director of that company, Debra, preys on the job of Richard and has come up with a plan to frame Richard for sabotage, in order to take over the company.
To help herself with that, she makes sure that Richard’s secretary gets dismissed and that the naive Katie takes her place.
Katie meanwhile meets Ben, who works as a postman in the building, and befriends him.
After losing a contract, by Debra’s doing, Katie gets fired, but by using her charms, she manages to get a second chance from Richard.
When she manages to get the interest of a group of Norwegian investors, Richard shares an important confidential project with her.
Debra manages to get the confidential information out of Katie and thereby make sure that the Board of Directors fires Richard.
Meanwhile, Katie has discovered that Ben is actually Richard’s son.
Together with him, she devises a ruse to outsmart Debra.
When Debra proposes the project to the investors, she sends out Haley and some friends, who pose as the investors.
At the same time, she presents her own proposal to the real investors, who satisfyingly take it.
When Debra discovers the deception, she goes ballistic and thus gets fired.
For the past ten years, Baltimore industrialist Wendell Armbruster, Sr.
has been spending a month at the Grand Hotel Excelsior in the Island of Ischia on the Bay of Naples, in Italy allegedly to soak in the therapeutic mud baths for which the resort island is known.
When he is killed in an automobile accident, his straitlaced son Wendell Armbruster, Jr.
journeys to Italy to claim his father's body.
Upon arrival he discovers his father was not alone in the Fiat he was driving; with him was his British mistress, whose daughter, free-spirited London shop girl Pamela Piggott, also is on the scene, though she clearly knew of their parents' clandestine romance beforehand.
Hotel manager Carlo Carlucci attempts to smooth things over, taking on all the arrangements for the body to be taken back to Baltimore in time for burial in just three days time.
Complications arise when the bodies disappear from the morgue.
Wendell suspects Pamela, who has expressed a wish that they be buried in Ischia; however, it is revealed that the actual bodysnatchers are the Trotta family, whose vineyard was damaged when the elder Armbruster's car drove into it during the fatal automobile accident.
The Trotta brothers have stolen the bodies from the morgue, holding them for a two million lire ransom.
This is not Wendell's only problem.
Bruno, the hotel valet, is determined to get back to America after being deported and has compromising photographs of Wendell's father and Pamela's mother swimming nude in the bay.
As the Italian atmosphere begins to affect them both and animosity gives way to friendship, Bruno manages to get pictures of Wendell and Pamela swimming naked as well, and tries to blackmail his way to an American visa.
This displeases the maid Anna, with whom Bruno was co-habiting, and in a fit of rage she lures Bruno to Pamela's room, kills him, and then runs off.
Carlucci moves Pamela's belongings into Wendell's room to prevent an international incident, and the two are thrown together.
Appearing in aS.
Navy helicopter to speed the repatriation is State Department officialJ.
Blodgett who, by posthumously appointing the deceased man to an embassy post, allows theS.
government to recover his body.
Finally, Carlucci, Wendell and Pamela find the perfect solution - their parents are buried side by side in Ischia (in the Carlucci family plot) whilst Bruno takes his place in the repatriated coffin, finding his way back to America after all.
Wendell and Pamela part, with a vow to return next year, just as their parents did.
In Dublin, a working-class family has been unsuccessful in convincing their son to get a real job: the son prefers his job of scooping up horse's dung and selling it for flower gardens.
An American exchange student almost runs him over and gets to know him.
The dung man has ignored warnings from his family and suddenly the horses have been banned from Dublin.
His new love is leaving for America and he must find a way to cope with the new reality.
Set in the summer of 1976, the film follows the adventures of Drew Tate (Larenz Tate), a shy 16-year-old from upstate New York, when he and his family spend two weeks with affluent relatives on Martha's Vineyard.
Drew's parents, Kenny (Joe Morton) and Brenda (Suzzanne Douglass), worry that their son is emotionally disturbed.
His favorite companion is a doll, in which he names Iago (after the character in the Shakespeare classic Othello), with which he engages in animated conversations.
They also fear that a fire he accidentally set in the family garage foreshadows a future as an arsonist.
On Martha's Vineyard, Drew is thrown into an affluent, party-loving black society that congregates on a beach known as the Inkwell.
The visit is also the occasion of some bitter family strife.
Drew's Aunt Francis (Vanessa Bell Calloway) and her husband, Spencer (Glynn Turman), are conservatives whose walls are plastered with pictures of Republican dignitaries such as Barry Goldwater and Ronald Reagan (who they keep saying will become President someday).
Kenny, a former Black Panther, and Spencer argue furiously about racial issues.
The Inkwell follows Drew's bumbling pursuit of the insufferably snooty Lauren (Jada Pinkett Smith).
He also befriends Heather (Adrienne-Joi Johnson), a young woman whose husband, Harold (Morris Chestnut), is a faithless louse.
The movie comes to an end on the Fourth of July, when the Bicentennial fireworks end up symbolizing not just America's 200th birthday but Drew finally losing his virginity with Heather.
Ambassador-designate to Saudi Arabia Ogden Mears (Marlon Brando) sails back to America after touring the world.
He meets Natascha, a Russian countess (Sophia Loren), in Hong Kong after she sneaks aboard in evening dress to escape her life at a dance hall for sailors.
A refugee, she has no passport and is forced to stay in his cabin during the voyage.
Ogden dislikes the situation, being a married man, although seeking a divorce, and worries how it might affect his career if she is found.
But he reluctantly agrees to let her stay.
They then have to figure out a way to get her off the ship, and it is arranged that she marry his aged valet, Hudson (Patrick Cargill).
Although it is only a formality, Hudson wishes to consummate the relationship, a wish she does not share.
Natascha avoids him and, before docking at port, jumps off the ship and swims ashore.
Ogden's wife (Tippi Hedren) then joins the cruise, having just missed Natasha.
Ogden's lawyer friend Harvey (Sydney Earle Chaplin), who helped arrange the marriage, meets Natascha ashore and tells her that the immigration officers have accepted her as Hudson's wife.
Ogden's wife then confronts him about Natasha, speaking rather roughly about her and the life she led.
He then asks if his wife would have done as well under such circumstances.
The film ends with Ogden and Natascha meeting in a hotel's cabaret, where they begin dancing, since he has left the cruise and his wife behind.
Charlie Chaplin makes two brief appearances as an aged ship's steward.
College sophomore Al Connelly (Freddie Prinze, Jr) meets the girl of his dreams, freshman Imogen (Julia Stiles), and true love abounds.
The two engage on a whirlwind courtship—they pick a song based on the records from Al's parents, eat a cake together, and even make love.
Imogen's fear of lost youth causes her to push away from Al, and they go their separate ways after Imogen cheats on Al at a party.
Al attempts to rebound from the relationship, determined to forget Imogen, and he goes to desperate measures to do so, including suicide by shampoo and problems with his career.
In the end, Imogen finds Al when she hears of his attempted suicide and she brings him a book cover that she illustrated featuring the two of them.
The two reconcile their differences and get back together showing that love can be obtained.
The story is told from the points of view of both Al and Imogen.
Caroline (Tomei) is a young woman in the Minneapolis/St Paul area working as a waitress and attending beauty school part-time who is always unlucky in love.
Adam (Slater) is a loner/shy busboy who saves Caroline when two men try to rape her on her way home one night.
She then gets to know him.
They become close, but she finds out his past, and the attackers come after Adam for revenge.
They end up stabbing him.
While Adam is recovering in the hospital, Caroline discovers that he has a heart defect, though he claims he has a baboon heart, based on a story loving nuns told him at the orphanage he grew-up in.
On his birthday she surprises him by taking him to a hockey game.
Before they leave, he shows her a surprise gift he left her to be opened when they return.
At the hockey game, Adam catches a stray hockey puck that is shot into the crowd.
On the way home, he falls asleep and dies at the age of 27.
After the funeral, Caroline opens the gift he left her.
It is a box of albums with a handwritten note from Adam declaring his love for Caroline.
Bill is a Woolloomooloo larrikin, who vows to abandon his life of gambling (playing Two-up) and drinking after a spell in gaol following a raid on a two up game.
He falls in love with Doreen (Lyell), who works in a pickle factory, but faces competition from a more sophisticated rival, Stror 'at Coot.
Bill and Doreen argue, but are eventually reunited and get married.
Bill gives up drinking and hanging out with his mate, Ginger Mick, and becomes a family man.
He gets an offer from his uncle to manage an orchard in the country, and he and Doreen settle down there with their baby.
The Three Stooges.
as dishwashers, help an aspiring singer, Carol Lawrence (Storm), and a nightclub owner, Danny Warren (Regan), find love.
The Mortmain family is genteel, poor, and eccentric.
Cassandra's father is a writer suffering from writer's block who has not published anything since his first book, Jacob Wrestling (a reference to Jacob wrestling with the angel), an innovative and "difficult" novel that sold well and made his name, including in the United States.
Ten years before the novel begins he took out a forty-year lease on a dilapidated but beautiful castle, hoping to find either inspiration or isolation there.
Now his family is selling off the furniture to buy food.
The widowed Mortmain's second wife, Topaz, is a beautiful artist's model who enjoys communing with nature, sometimes wearing nothing but hip boots.
Rose, Mortmain's elder daughter, is a classic English beauty pining away in the lonely castle, longing for a chance to meet eligible and preferably rich young men.
She tells her sister Cassandra that she wants to live in a Jane Austen novel.
Cassandra, the younger daughter and the first-person narrator of the novel, has literary ambitions and spends a lot of time developing her writing talent by "capturing" everything around her in her journal.
Stephen, the handsome, loyal, live-in son of the Mortmain's late maid, and Thomas, the youngest Mortmain child, round out the cast of household characters.
Stephen, a "noble soul," is in love with Cassandra, which she finds touching but a bit awkward.
Thomas, a schoolboy, is, like Cassandra, considered "tolerably bright".
Things begin to happen when the Cottons, a wealthy American family, inherit nearby Scoatney Hall and become the Mortmains' new landlords.
Cassandra and Rose soon become intrigued by the unmarried brothers Simon and Neil Cotton.
Neil, who was raised in California by their English father, is a carefree young man who wants to become a rancher in the United States.
Simon, who grew up in New England with his mother, is scholarly and serious, and loves the English countryside.
Simon is the elder brother and therefore the heir, and is already much wealthier than Neil, so, although Rose is not attracted to him, she decides to marry him if she can, declaring that she would marry the Devil himself to escape poverty.
At their first meeting the Cottons are amused and interested by the Mortmains.
When they pay a call the very next day, however, the inexperienced Rose flirts openly with Simon and makes herself look ridiculous.
Both brothers are repelled by this display and, as they walk away, Cassandra overhears them resolving to drop all acquaintance with the Mortmains.
After an amusing episode involving a fur coat, however, all is forgiven and the two families become good friends.
Rose decides that she really is taken with Simon, and Cassandra and Topaz scheme to get Simon to propose to her.
Simon falls in love with Rose and proposes to her.
Rose and Topaz go to London with Mrs Cotton to purchase Rose's wedding trousseau.
While everyone else is away Cassandra and Simon spend the evening together, which leads to their kissing.
Cassandra becomes obsessed with Simon, but suffers feelings of guilt since he is Rose's fiancé.
Cassandra concludes that she must tactfully deflect Stephen's offer of love, and encourage him in his emerging career as a model and a film actor; join forces with Thomas to help their father overcome his writer's block by the drastic expedient of imprisoning him in a medieval tower; cope with her own increasing attraction to Simon; and record everything in her journal.
Meanwhile, unnoticed by anyone but Stephen, Rose and Neil have been falling in love.
To conceal their budding romance they pretend to hate each other.
When they eventually elope together Simon is left heartbroken, but Cassandra becomes hopeful.
Before Simon leaves to go back to the United States he comes to see Cassandra.
In spite of her feelings for him Cassandra deflects the conversation at a moment when she thinks he may be about to propose to her, in the belief that he is still in love with Rose.
The book closes on an ambiguous note, with Cassandra reminding herself that Simon has promised to return and closing her journal for good by reasserting her love for him.
Henry Hart is a successful gay artist from New York City who returns to his rural hometown in Montana to care for his ailing grandfather.
Henry is welcomed back by the townsfolk, all of whom are aware of his sexuality and are highly accepting and even supportive towards him (the film's plot and dialogue is notably devoid of homophobic content).
However, during the months he stays in the town, Henry is forced to confront his unresolved feelings for his high school friend Dean Stewart, while simultaneously being oblivious to the feelings of Pike Dexter, the shy Native American owner of the town's general store.
In June 2000, Henry Hart, a gay, successful artist living in New York, receives a call from his old friend Grace Cornwell, a kindergarten teacher in his hometown, who tells him that his grandfather Sam suffered a stroke.
Although his assistant, Mary Bishop, wants him to stay, Henry feels himself bound to visit and help his ailing grandfather.
He jumps on the next plane to his hometown, Big Eden Montana, giving up his new home and career.
Stranded in his place of birth Henry is confronted by the changes of time.
Though Sam is becoming better, Henry has the feeling that he should stay with his helpless grandfather because he himself fears becoming an orphan.
While accompanying Sam to church every Sunday he involuntarily becomes part of the town life and gossip again.
The town-folks somehow always knew about his sexuality, but never mentioned it publicly.
Further complicating the situation is the presence of his former high-school crush Dean Stewart, who moved back in town a week earlier.
Dean has just split up with from his wife and has returned to Big Eden with his kids Ben and Andrew.
This leaves Henry trying to work out his unresolved feelings for Dean.
Grace set up a support system for both Henry and Sam.
Included is widow Thayer and Pike Dexter, a very shy Native American.
Pike is the town‘s general-store owner, and the Widow Thayer is center of gossip and society in Big Eden.
She attempts several times to hook up Henry with different people, first women, but after a few "social gatherings“ she realizes her error, and invites men instead.
While all this is going on the Widow Thayer cooks for grandfather and grandson daily, and Pike takes it over to their house and helps setting the table.
After a few weeks Pike realizes that the food is inappropriate, and learns how to cook healthy dishes.
He keeps this secret, telling neither the Harts nor Thayer, exchanging Thayer's dinner with his own delicious meals.
He also orders the special supplies Henry needs so he can continue painting up in Big Eden.
Pike, who wants to "have things nice for Henry", has obviously fallen in love with him too.
Meanwhile, Dean is around Henry a lot, helping him build a ramp for Sam‘s wheelchair, and taking Henry dancing and to the mountains.
With all of his efforts, he tries to show Henry his affection and feelings, but Dean eventually tells Henry that he couldn't live together with him.
Time passes and Sam becomes worse.
One night, Henry arrives at home and finds Sam dead in his bedroom.
The town falls into mourning at Sam's death.
He built every house in town, and was closely connected to each and every one.
Though Dean comforts Henry, Pike does the opposite by secluding himself.
A funeral is held for Sam, where everyone shows up except for Pike.
Henry, now completely alone, realizes that Pike meant something to him.
Pike had shared a "promised dinner together“ with him one night where he fascinated Henry by his knowledge of stars and mystical stories.
That upsets Henry even more because he thought Sam meant something to Pike too.
They both don‘t talk until the day Henry is leaving for New York.
In the very last minute Pike accepts his love for Henry and tries to catch him at the airport, but he is too late.
On his way home, Pike sees Sam‘s truck in front of his store, not expecting Henry to be waiting for him.
Molly (Kate Hudson) and Carl (Matt Dillon) are preparing for their wedding day in Hawaii, until Carl's friend Neil (Seth Rogen) interrupts to say that Randolph Dupree (Owen Wilson) got lost.
They drive off together to pick up Dupree, who appeared to have hitched a ride with a light plane after landing on the wrong island.
A day before the wedding, Molly's father, Bob Thompson (Michael Douglas), who is also CEO of the company that Carl works for, makes a toast with humorous remarks at Carl's expense, foreshadowing a conflict between the two.
Later at a pre-celebration at a bar, Carl neglects Dupree to be with Molly.
Carl and Dupree later make up on the beach, as Dupree apologizes for laughing at Molly's father's jokes.
Carl and Molly get married.
When Carl returns to work, at Molly's father's Thompson Land Development, he is surprised to find that mr Thompson has promoted him to be in charge of a design he proposed, though it had been altered somewhat.
mr Thompson makes absurd requests which proceed to get worse, starting with Thompson's drastic reimagining of Carl's new architecture project and that Carl get a vasectomy to prevent any future children with his daughter.
Before returning home to celebrate his promotion with Molly, Carl stops by the bar, where he finds Neil and Dupree.
After Neil leaves, Dupree reveals that he has financial problems, such as being evicted from his home and losing his job and car.
Carl and Molly take Dupree into their home, though clearly they are frustrated as he is disruptive and messy.
Molly sets up Dupree with a woman at her work, a primary school, who is a Mormon librarian.
Dupree agrees, though Molly is shocked to find them having graphic sex when she comes home from dinner.
Romantic candles burn down the front of the living room, and Dupree is kicked out.
Meanwhile, Carl is being continually stressed out from work, though he and Molly find time to go out for dinner.
On the way back they find Dupree sitting on a bench in heavy rain with his belongings.
Dupree reveals that the librarian had just dumped him.
Feeling pity, Molly insists they take him back in.
Dupree apologizes for being disruptive and agrees to mend his ways.
The next day, Dupree makes amends, refurbishing the living room, and doing Carl's thank-you letters, as well as making friends with kids from the block.
Dupree cooks a large dinner for Molly and Carl, though Carl is late again, so Molly and Dupree start without him.
When Carl finally shows up, he is a little jealous that they were having dinner together, and have a fight.
Carl kicks Dupree out, suspecting an affair, which shocks Dupree.
The following night, mr Thompson comes over for dinner.
Dupree attempts to sneak back in to their home to get some of his belongings, but fails and falls off the roof.
He is found outside and is invited in for dinner.
After mr Thompson takes a liking to Dupree and asks him to go fishing with him, it enrages Carl because - even though he doesn't like fishing - it's mr Thompson's way of approving someone.
Carl's fury boils over as he then imagines Dupree hanging out with mr Thompson and engaging in sex with Molly, causing Carl to jump across the table and attempting to strangle Dupree; mr Thompson hits Carl over the head with a candlestick shortly after.
After returning from the hospital with a neck brace, Dupree and Molly confront mr Thompson about what he really thinks of his new son-in-law, while Carl had left.
The next morning, Dupree gets all the local kids to search for Carl.
Dupree eventually finds Carl in the bar, and convinces him to chase after Molly.
Dupree helps Carl break in to mr Thompson's office and confront him while Dupree himself distracts and evades a Samoan guard.
Carl and mr Thompson finally reach an understanding and Thompson admits to his agenda of insulting Carl.
Dupree and Carl return to the house, where Carl and Molly reunite, Carl apologizing, and agree to work it all out.
Glad that he did his job, Dupree celebrates by leaping into the air with joy, until he falls to ground.
All turns out well, with Dupree becoming a motivational speaker, Carl and Molly spending more time with each other, and mr Thompson accepting Carl as family.
In a post-credits scene, then-famed bicyclist Lance Armstrong is seen reading Dupree's motivation book, 7 Different Kinds of Smoke: Living, Loving, and Finding your Inner "-ness".
Financial problems force young Boston widow Margaret Carey (Dorothy McGuire) and her 3 children to move out of their home.
Nancy (Hayley Mills), the dramatic and kind-hearted eldest, remembers a large yellow house that the Careys had admired when they visited the small town of Beulah, Maine, and makes an inquiry about it.
Upon the sale of the family's treasured piano ("Flitterin'"), Nancy reveals that the house is vacant and the family decides to relocate to the country ("Beautiful Beulah").
When the Careys arrive in Beulah they realize they're slightly out-of-place although the town welcomes them.
Overall, the Careys find that moving to the country was the best decision for them and they're content in their new home ("Summer Magic").
But the house is in a shameful state of neglect, and caretaker Osh Popham (Burl Ives), against his wife's wishes, offers cheap labor to make the house livable, as well as offering free products from his hardware store.
He also steers young Peter in the right direction, trading him a pair of overalls for his "Buster Brown suit" in which he now feels too citified, and offering him haircut money and carpentry lessons.
But just when the Careys are settled in and things are going better, they find out that orphaned Cousin Julia's adoptive parents have run into their own financial problems and want to send her to the Careys.
They reluctantly agree, and while they get ready for her, Gilly (Eddie Hodges) and Nancy entertain Peter (Jimmy Mathers) with jokes about her appearance and snobby, snotty personality ("Pink of Perfection").
When Julia (Deborah Walley) arrives, she's even worse than her cousins remembered.
Part of her welcome seems to include being jumped on by Peter's large dog Sam in the middle of the night.
Aghast at Beulah's primitive ways, she forces Osh's daughter Lally Joy (Wendy Turner) to help her bathe in the kitchen rather than lug kettles of hot water up the stairs.
While Nancy and Lally Joy cope with Julia, Peter enjoys working on the house with Osh, who entertains him with stories of bugs the like of which Peter hadn't dealt with in the city ("Ugly Bug Ball").
When Margaret informs Osh of their still-failing finances, Osh, hoping to keep them in town, makes up a request from the house's owner, Tom Hamilton, in exchange for no rent.
He pretends that mr Hamilton has answered in the affirmative, only requesting that on Halloween the Careys must have a ceremony for his dead mother and find a decent place for her picture.
The Careys accept and Osh chooses a fake picture for the ceremony.
But Osh's wife Mariah, who has been on to his lies from the beginning, visits the yellow house to tell the Careys that mr Hamilton has no idea that they are there.
Before she can spill the news, Osh fakes a fall from the second story, claims an injured leg, and insist that his wife help him get home.
After church the next Sunday, Nancy and Julia spot a handsome man, Charles Bryant (James Stacy), who has moved to Beulah to be the new schoolteacher.
They invite him to a lawn party at the yellow house, where both try to win his affections, Nancy with her smarts and Julia with her looks.
Julia wins, leaving Nancy too jealous to enjoy the quiet evening after the party ("On the Front Porch").
In their bedroom, her jealousy and anger drive her to reveal that Julia's adoptive parents "dumped" her on the Careys after gambling away their money.
Julia flees to Aunt Margaret for assurance that her parents truly loved her, and Margaret reveals that her parents' situation is looking good enough that they are about ready for her to come home.
This makes Nancy realize that she has grown to love Julia despite her many flaws (and her having "won" Charles), and she begs her to stay.
Julia accepts, and prepares to move in permanently with the Careys.
As Halloween approaches, everyone gets ready for the big party.
Lally Joy, who harbors a big crush on Gilly, displays her ugly dress to Nancy and Julia, fretting embarrassment at the party.
Nancy and Julia promise to redesign the dress as they give her pointers on how to act around boys ("Femininity").
On the day of the party, a handsome young man (Peter Brown) appears at the yellow house and meets Nancy.
She informs him that they'd been living in the house and tells him about the party for mr Hamilton's mother.
The stranger quickly heads for Osh's store, where it is revealed that he is Tom Hamilton.
Osh comes clean about renting the house to the Careys, inspired by Nancy's good-heartedness.
Indignant, Tom leaves the store.
Reluctant to escort Lally Joy to the party, Gilly becomes more willing as she makes her appearance in her beautiful redesigned dress.
Seeing them together and Charles and Julia together, Nancy realizes that she's the only one without a partner; after talking it over with her mother, she decides to attend on her own.
As she descends the stairs she runs into Tom Hamilton, who accompanies her to the party.
Nancy presents the picture Osh had produced: unfortunately, it is a frighteningly ugly woman and Tom feels insulted and angry at Osh.
He reveals his true identity to the thoroughly-embarrassed Nancy, and as he has taken a fancy to her, he asks her to dance.
As the party gets going, Osh exclaims that things always work out in the end.
Lawrence "Rip" Smith (James Stewart) is a former basketball player and ex-military who now runs a company that perform polls and consumer surveys.
Lately he has started obsessing about being able to find a perfect mathematical "miracle" formula to perform the perfect survey, and compete for real with his rival companies.
Because he lacks funds, he is far behind his number one rival George Stringer.
One day Rip discovers that a survey made by a friend and ex Army colleague of his, Hoopendecker (Kent Smith), in the small town of Grandview, exactly matches one that Stringer has made on a national level.
Rip concludes that the small town demographic is a perfect match for the country as a whole, and believes he has finally found his miracle formula.
Eager to test his theory, Rip sells a survey on progressive education to a client, with a promise the result will stand for the whole country.
Furthermore he promises to deliver the result the same day as Stringer's company, even though the rival has been working on the project for quite some time.
Rip and his team of professionals then travel to Grandview to perform the survey.
They are pretending to be insurance salesmen.
But trouble starts already when Rip overhears a conversation between a woman named Mary Peterman (Jane Wyman) trying to convince the mayor (Harry Holman) to expand the town and build a number of new buildings: a civic center.
Rip wants this town to stay exactly as it is, so he can make his perfect surveys, mirroring the demographic of the country.
Rip holds an electrifying speech to preserve the town, and the conservative members of the town council listens to him rather than Mary, whose proposition is laid to the side.
Mary writes a bold and angry editorial against Rip in the local newspaper, which is run by her family.
Rip starts a charm offensive towards Mary to soften her up, but she holds her ground.
The two combatants can't help being attracted to each other though.
They spend a lot of time together while Rip secretly gathers information for his survey.
One of Rip's colleagues warns him that he is becoming too involved in the subject he is supposed to be studying, but Rip is blinded by his own attraction to Mary.
Rip starts coaching the school basketball team, and attends a school dance where he meets Mary's family.
When Rip later slips away to talk to his client over the phone, Mary follows him, eavesdrops on the conversation, and finds out the truth about Rip being in town.
Angered by his deceit, she publishes the story in the newspaper the next day.
A larger nationwide paper picks up the story, and soon the town is crawling with reporters.
The town is called "the public opinion capital of theS".
and its inhabitants start selling their views on consumer products in every street corner.
The city council start making bold plans to expand the town, and both Rip and Mary feel ashamed of what they have done to change the town structure.
Rip leaves Grandview and Mary and returns home.
Soon enough a strange poll from Grandview says the Americans would want a female president.
The town is ridiculed in the press and the expansion plans get an abrupt ending.
But Rip can't seem to forget Mary, and he returns to Grandview to reveal his true feelings.
Mary admits she has feelings for him too, but also tells Rip that they have to fix the mess they have caused in Grandview before they can start a relationship.
Rip starts by talking to a GrandviewS.
Senator Wilton (George Irving), to get help from him raising money to save the town.
They display their plan in front of the city council, but the lead council member, Richard Nickleby is negative.
Upset, Rip tells Nickleby that he is "walking out on the team".
Later, Rip learns from Nickleby's son Hank (Mickey Kuhn) that his father already has sold land where the main expansion would take place to a company.
To stop this, Rip manages to publish parts of the council speech a few weeks earlier, where it said that they would expand the town "with their own hands".
A lot of inhabitants who read the article start demanding that the city council build on the designated land to save the reputation of the town.
It turns out the property sale agreement wasn't formally correct and the land is returned to the town.
The inhabitants all pitch in to build a civic center on the land, and Rip and Mary become a couple.
Julia Jones (Alyson Hannigan) is an obese woman who dreams of marrying Napoleon Dynamite (Josh Meyers), but even in her dreams she is rejected.
Writing in her diary, she thinks she will never find her true love.
Julia goes outside and dances to impress men on the streets, but is unsuccessful.
Julia goes to work at her father Frank's (Eddie Griffin) Greek diner.
There she meets Grant Fockyerdoder, with whom she forms an instant attraction.
When Frank yells at Julia to get an order, she turns to respond and hits Grant over the head with the coffee pot she is holding, knocking him to the floor.
She turns around only to find his table is suddenly empty and figures he ran away.
Julia wants help and goes to see a love therapist, Hitch, who rejects her at first but reluctantly agrees to help her.
Hitch takes her to a garage where she gets "pimped out" and made slimmer.
She earns a spot on a reality television dating show called The Extreme Bachelor, the bachelor turning out to be Grant, the man she met in the diner.
Host Ty Andrews (Scott Speedman) introduces Grant, who greets all the women and is asked to eliminate the losers, which he does by shooting them one by one.
Julia is the last woman standing and is rewarded with dinner for two at a restaurant called "A Restaurant".
After their meal, Julia and Grant head back to her apartment, where they have sex.
Julia takes Grant to meet her parents.
Later, Grant takes Julia to Tiffany & Co, where they turn on the lights to reveal the salespeople ready to let her pick whatever she wants.
Grant then confesses he loves her and proposes to her.
Julia happily says yes.
Julia and Grant go to a wedding planner named Jell-O (Valery Ortiz), who has a big butt.
She suggests that they go to a restaurant called Taco Butt.
When they decline, she gets annoyed.
When Grant says he has a best man, she shows them what she booked for the entertainment, after which she uses her butt to knock over her desk then rips off her clothes to reveal a gold liquid spandex tight suit.
She shows off her dance moves, then twerks and bounce and backs up to the couple with her massive rear for them to scream while she bounces and crushing and suffocate them for them to scream more for the screen to cut to the next scene.
The alternate scene is she has backup dancers and she bounces and shows off her dance moves until she shakes her massive booty right to them for them to scream and knocks them over with her right and left buttcheek to end it.
Andy helps Julia shop for her wedding dress.
At the dress store, Julia hits her head on a power box and finds that she can read people's thoughts.
Julia finds from reading Andy's mind that she wants to get back together with Grant and plans to split the two of them up.
Julia and Andy fight each other, Kill Bill-style.
She cannot forgive Grant, and agrees to marry Nicky.
Once at the altar with Nicky, Julia is regretting it and has flashbacks about her and Grant.
They get back together and get married, with Hitch officiating.
Andy and Nicky meet at the wedding, and fall in love.
Meanwhile, Grant and Julia leave in a horse and carriage.
Julia also gets a present from her mother-in-law: a vaginal thermometer which apparently has been in their family for generations and is regarded as good luck when it is not washed.
On their honeymoon, Grant and Julia go to Kong Island and film a woman, Anne (Carmen Electra), tied to two pieces of wood.
King Kong comes on and rips off her dress, leaving her clad in a leopard print bikini.
Kong then gropes her, she says "I like hairy guys" and Kong roars and flattens her.
Roland (Taye Diggs) is getting married (and is currently missing) and Slim (Richard Jones), who scoffs at the idea of marriage, is furious at Roland for disappearing.
The story reminisces back to Mike's (Omar Epps, portrayed as a youth by Sean Nelson) first encounters with Roland (Trent Cameron) and Slim (Duane Finley), his first real crush on a girl named Alicia (Malinda Williams), and the three young men's misadventures as teenagers growing up in 1980's Inglewood, California ("The Wood").
Shy and awkward, Mike sticks out like a sore thumb on his first day, but is quickly befriended by Slim and Roland.
On a dare from Slim and Roland, Mike runs and grabs Alicia's butt, leading to a big fight with her big brother Stacey (De'Aundre Bonds), a Blood gang member.
While he is thoroughly beat down, Mike earns Stacey's private respect for fighting back like a man.
Meanwhile in present day, Mike and Slim go to find Roland for his wedding, when they get a call from Tanya (Tamala Jones) saying that she has him with her and that he is very drunk.
They go to her house to pick him up to take him back to the wedding to marry his bride Lisa (LisaRaye McCoy) because they only have two hours before the ceremony begins.
Back to their old school times: on their way to their first dance of the year they go to a store that gets held up by Stacey, who recognizes the boys and offers them a ride to the dance.
The boys almost get arrested by two cops due to Stacey's broken taillight.
Mike's quick thinking prevents one of the cops from finding Stacey's gun and they are let go not realizing that the hold-up Stacey and Boo did is what gotten them off the hook.
Impressed, Stacey begins a new friendship with Mike by apologizing for their prior run in but explains that he was protecting his sister, and, seeing how much Mike likes her, gives him advice on how to win her heart.
When they get back to the dance it is almost over and Mike gets to dance with Alicia and at the end of the dance gets her number.
Mike and Alicia started dating for three weeks in junior high and then stayed friends.
In the present day while reminiscing, Roland gets sick and throws up all over Slim and Mike.
Now they only have an hour left before the wedding and they have to get cleaned up so they take their clothes to the cleaners.
Mike, returning to their memories when they were juniors in high school remembers them thinking about sex, ways to get it and making a lot of bets as to who has it first.
Mike has a girlfriend and Alicia has a boyfriend.
Despite both of them already in a relationship with somebody else, one day Mike and Alicia walk to her house from the library talking about the Homecoming Dance.
They hear the first song they danced to remember their first kiss.
They begin to have sex but stop because Mike's condom breaks.
Alicia tells Mike that Stacey should have a condom in his room.
Mike finds a condom in Stacey's room and has to hide under his bed so as not to get caught when Stacey and his girlfriend come home.
After they leave, Mike goes back to Alicia's room and they finally make love.
Mike wins the bet but he doesn't tell Roland and Slim out of respect for Alicia.
Mike, now hiding his still present shyness with a veil of over confidence, reconnects romantically with Alicia.
It's revealed in the present that after high school, Alicia and Mike went their separate ways.
The boys finally make it to the wedding and Roland apologizes to a furious Lisa for leaving her worried.
Before the ceremony begins, Mike sees Alicia (Sanaa Lathan).
Roland and Lisa get married.
Mike tells his last childhood memory, and its when they go to a homecoming dance for their school and that they will be the boys from "The Wood".
Bob and Elizabeth Rueland (David Duchovny and Joely Richardson) both work — Bob as an architect, Elizabeth as a zoologist — at Chicago's Lincoln Park Zoo.
One night after a fundraiser for a new primate house Elizabeth is killed in a car accident, and her heart is transplanted to Grace Briggs (Minnie Driver), who has suffered from heart disease since the age of 14 and is near death.
The surgery is successful and Grace, an artist, is able to live a normal life for the first time.
She plans to make her first airplane trip to Italy to paint, and her best friend Megan Dayton (Bonnie Hunt) encourages her to begin dating, although Grace is self-conscious about the long surgery scar on her chest.
She also has written a letter thanking the family of their lost love one for the heart she received.
It takes her over a year to finally find the courage to mail the letter.
A year later Bob, who has been working on the primate house that Elizabeth raised money for, remains depressed.
He recognizes that he must resume his life as he becomes frustrated seeing that his dog hasn't gotten over the loss either.
His friend, Charlie (David Allen Grier), organizes a blind date for him at a restaurant.
Despite the fact that his blind date is a nightmare, he finds that he is more interested in the waitress — Grace, who is also the granddaughter of the restaurant's owner, Marty O'Reilly (Carroll O'Connor).
Although they are both unaware of the connection they have through Elizabeth's heart, Bob and Grace begin to date.
As they grow closer together, Grace is reluctant to tell Bob about her medical history.
After several months of dating, Grace finally decides to tell Bob about her transplant.
However, before she gets the chance, she finds in his house the letter that she had sent several months earlier.
Horrified by the discovery, Grace flees and tells Megan what has happened.
Megan's husband (Jim Belushi) becomes infuriated as he has misunderstood the situation and thinks Bob is married.
Megan then explains the situation to him in six monosyllables: "Grace has Bob's dead wife's heart.
"  When Grace meets Bob again, she tells him the truth.
Stunned and not knowing what to say, he leaves.
Against Megan's advice to not run away from the situation, Grace goes to Europe alone.
Back at home and with Marty's help Bob realizes that although he will always miss Elizabeth, he "aches" for Grace.
He decides to go after her, and the two reunite in Italy.
They return to Chicago for the dedication of the new primate house.
The film ends at the wedding of friends Wally and Sophie.
Megan is visibly pregnant again.
Charlie appears to be married and dancing with his wife and their toddler.
Grace and Bob are happily dancing.
The life of Nick Keller (Til Schweiger) can hardly be called well sorted.
He stumbles from one temporary job to the next, and he has very serious problems with Heinrich, his rich and influential stepfather, as well as with his brother Viktor.
Nick’s latest temporary job is as a cleaner in a psychiatric clinic, where he prevents the barefooted patient Leila (Wokalek) from committing suicide just as he is being fired from this latest employment.
Leila’s story is also complex.
The first nineteen years of her life she had been confined at home by her mother.
She has been hospitalized in the clinic after her mother's death, but is desperate to leave.
However, emotionally Leila is still a child.
For example, everything that she is told, she takes literally; and she dislikes physical contact with strangers.
The unexpected consequence of Nick’s saving Leila from hanging herself is that Leila secretly follows her saviour, in her nightdress and once again barefooted; and she appears in front of his door that night.
After Leila adamantly refuses go back to the clinic, she and Nick go on a road trip together in order to attend his brother’s wedding to Nick's ex-girlfriend.
During the trip the relationship between the two deepens significantly.
However, after serious disputes with his family, Nick once again tries to hospitalize Leila.
As a result, he has to confess to himself that he has fallen in love with her.
Nick is then arrested for attempted kidnapping, and Leila is brought back to the clinic.
Nick pretends to have mental problems so he can go into the clinic with Leila, but only after Leila once again attempts suicide does her doctor admit him.
The last scene shows them together shopping in a supermarket some months later, after their release from the clinic.
Michael Caine is Matthew Hollis, married to Karen (Valerie Harper), and father to teenaged daughter, Nikki (Demi Moore).
Victor (Joseph Bologna), Matthew's colleague and best friend, who is going through a divorce, is father to 17-year-old Jennifer (Michelle Johnson).
Matthew's marriage is not going well for reasons not explained.
Just before they are to leave for a trip to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Karen says she is going on vacation by herself to "think about everything".
Matthew and Victor decide to go to Rio with their daughters.
Jennifer and Nikki share a room, where she says to Nikki, "Your father is so sweet.
I used to have a crush on him," to which Nikki replies, "Me, too".
At the beach, Victor and Matthew pass numerous women walking around topless.
The fathers spot their daughters in the distance, and the girls turn around to reveal that they are topless, also.
After dropping the girls off at a wedding, the men visit a pub.
After Victor pairs off with a local divorcée, Matthew winds up at the wedding, where he runs into Jennifer.
They eventually share a passionate kiss, which Nikki witnesses.
Matthew and Jennifer have sex on the beach.
Matthew stresses it can never happen again.
However, Jennifer begins coming onto Matthew in various, inappropriate situations.
At one point, she takes a naked Polaroid of herself and gives it to Matthew in public.
Jennifer tearfully confesses to her dad that she had an affair with an "older man".
Victor becomes furious and sets out to hunt down the mystery man, expecting Matthew to help.
Matthew tries to talk Jennifer into ending their relationship, but she is determined to never give him up.
Matthew ultimately discloses to his friend that it was he with whom Jennifer had the affair.
Victor is not as angry as Matthew expects, because it is revealed that Victor had been having an affair with Karen.
Jennifer tries to commit suicide with an overdose of birth control pills.
She survives and the incident brings all closer together, although the men constantly bicker about each other's sexual misconduct.
Karen and Matthew decide to work on their marital problems, Jennifer begins dating a young male nurse she met while recuperating in the hospital, and Matthew thanks daughter Nikki for being the only one who has not misbehaved.
As closing credits roll, Matthew, in voice-over narration, says, "You only live once, but it does help if you get to be young twice".
Shante Smith (Vivica Fox) is a woman who gives advice on how to keep a man in check.
Her ideals are challenged when her man, an attorney, named Keith Fenton (Morris Chestnut), threatens to stray.
Smith is a well-educated woman who feels that when it comes to men and their tricks, she knows them all.
On the other end, Shante’s boyfriend Keith is being led by his friend Tony (Anthony Anderson), who thinks he knows all the tricks that women play.
When Shanté's boyfriend, Keith, is caught red-handed stepping out with a co-worker, Shanté institutes her "Ten Day Plan" to get her man in line.
The battle soon begins, though at the conclusion of the movie, Shante and Keith get back together.
Whittier (Anne Judson-Yager) arrives at the fictional California State College hoping to join the national champion varsity cheerleading team.
She meets up with her friend from cheerleading camp, Monica (Faune Chambers), and they're both impressive at the tryouts.
Head cheerleader Tina (Bree Turner) is ready to ask them to join the team, but Greg (Bryce Johnson) goes a step further, telling Tina that Whittier will be the next head cheerleader.
This angers Tina's pal Marni (Bethany Joy Lenz) who had the position staked out, but at the urging of Dean Sebastian (Kevin Cooney), Tina goes along with the plan, taking Whittier under her wing.
Whittier meets Derek (Richard Lee Jackson), a campusJ.
who immediately takes an interest in her.
Tina is very demanding and controlling and warns Whittier that Derek is not the type of boy she should be dating.
Monica is bothered by Tina's meddling, but Whittier momentarily lets her cheerleading ambition get the better of her, and betrays Derek.
Then, Tina, upset with Monica's sassy attitude, punishes her which leads to an injury and she forces Whittier to choose between her friendship and the squad.
Whittier and Monica get fed up and quit Tina's tyranny, but Whittier's school spirit cannot be suppressed.
With Monica's help, she gathers up the outcasts from the drama club, the dance club, and other groups that have lost their funding because of the squad and forms a ragtag squad of her own, determined to battle the varsity squad for a spot at the national championship.
The two teams end up competing for the spot at nationals, with Whittier's squad ultimately winning.
Afterward, Whittier offers Tina a spot on her squad, a position that Tina initially refuses but ends up wanting.
The film ends with Tina sucking up to Whittier and Monica, deciding she wants to be on their squad after all, while Marni comically throws a fit.
Luciano Pavarotti plays a world-famous Italian tenor opera singer by the name of Giorgio Fini.
While in Boston for a concert Fini gets a phone call asking him to perform at The Met.
The call brings up bad memories from his disastrous appearance there seven years earlier.
It scares him to the point where he cannot sing at rehearsal.
Everyone panics thinking he is losing his voice.
His business manager (Eddie Albert) has a female throat specialist Pamela Taylor, played by Kathryn Harrold, look Fini over.
Fini at first refuses believing her not to be a doctor but "a nurse" because she is a woman.
After being scared into seeing her by his manager, she immediately detects that the problem is psychological not physical.
Taylor makes up a serious-sounding name for the condition and gives Fini a shot to cure it (which she reveals to Fini's business manager is harmless vitamin B12).
After reacting to the prick of the needle, Fini instantly gets his voice back and proceeds to sing the following day at the Hatch Shell in Boston.
Fini is immediately physically attracted to Taylor, and even though he is married with two children, she agrees to go out on a dinner date.
The date does not go well, but Fini is persistent, visiting the hospital where dr Taylor works.
His quick thinking helps calm a scared child getting ready for surgery to remove his tonsils, promising ice cream which he delivers after the surgery.
Impressed by his handling of the children, she agrees to another date.
She eventually becomes his traveling companion.
After spending a romantic week in San Francisco and the wine country visiting friends of Fini, the two eventually fall in love.
He gains the confidence through his love for her to agree to perform at the Met in the Giacomo Puccini opera Turandot.
However, because Fini refuses to leave his wife, Taylor throws him a kiss and leaves the Met while Fini is singing "Nessun Dorma" to her.
The story concerns Kay Hilliard (June Allyson), a former nightclub singer who discovers her husband Steven (Leslie Nielsen) is having an affair with showgirl Crystal Allen (Joan Collins).
Kay is the last to find out among her circle of gossiping girlfriends.
Kay travels to Reno to divorce from Steve who then marries Crystal, but when Kay finds out that Crystal isn't true to Steve she starts fighting to win her ex-husband back.
Overworked air traffic controller Jack Chester (Candy) is given four paid weeks off as an alternative to being fired after nearly causing a mid-air collision on the job and having an outburst over what turned out to be a fly covering a radar blip.
He uses this time off to take his wife Sandy and children Jennifer, Bobby, and Laurie on a summer vacation from the Atlanta area to the Gulf Coast resort town of Citrus Cove, Florida, where they are beset by a never-ending barrage of problems.
First they are bumped out of the front of the line of an upscale seafood restaurant in favor of arrogant local sailing champion Al Pellet, who becomes Jack's main nemesis throughout the film.
Then the family misreads the address, moves into the wrong house, and are forced to leave in the middle of the night, ending up in a decrepit shack on a public beach with a constant stream of beach-goers tromping through.
Jack then receives a leg injury that prevents him from spending time with his family.
Later, Jack again locks horns with Pellet, the owner of the dubious piece of real estate where the Chesters are staying after the previous owner died.
Jack gives Pellet the check for $1,000 to cover the rent for the next two weeks, but Pellet tears up the check and orders the Chesters to leave the house when their first two weeks expire or he'll throw them out personally.
To avoid an early eviction, Jack challenges Pellet to a race at the upcoming Citrus Cove Regatta: If Pellet wins, Jack will pay him the $1,000 rent and take his family home; if Jack wins, he keeps the money and earns the right to stay in the house for two more weeks rent-free.
Pellet scoffs at the notion that Jack could ever defeat him in a race, but accepts the challenge.
However, Jack hasn't sailed for many years and doesn't even have a boat.
Scully, a local saloon keeper with a pirate's mentality whom the Chesters met earlier, befriends Jack and volunteers to help him on both counts.
The bored Chesters come to life by helping Jack make his new vessel seaworthy.
This motley crew is at first no match for Pellet or anybody else in the race, but tossing useless garbage overboard, a strong breeze and a large pair of pants enable Jack to enjoy a victory at sea.
In 1995, Chris Brander (Ryan Reynolds) is an overweight high school student with a lisp, braces, and a "gentle giant" demeanor who secretly has a huge romantic crush on his classmate and best friend Jamie Palamino (Amy Smart).
After confessing his feelings by writing them in Jamie's yearbook, he attends Jamie's graduation party.
As he returns the yearbook to her, it is secretly swapped by her despicable ex-boyfriend, Tim (Ty Olsson), who reads the declaration aloud to everyone and humiliates Chris.
Jamie doesn't reciprocate his romantic feelings; after they share a brief kiss on the cheek, Tim and the class burst in and humiliate Chris again.
While Jamie admonishes them, Chris tearfully leaves the party, announcing that he would never return and vows to be more successful than everyone.
Ten years later, Chris has lost weight, is handsome, and lives in Los Angeles; he is a womanizer who has dated supermodels, starlets, and socialites, works as a highly successful record producer and also holds a position of senior vice president of the same record corporation he works for.
Prior to Christmas, Chris's employer, company CEO KC (Stephen Root), asks Chris to accompany an emerging self-obsessed pop singer named Samantha James (Anna Faris) to Paris to ensure she signs with their label, an order to which Chris reluctantly complies.
During the trip to Paris, Samantha accidentally sets her private jet on fire resulting in an emergency landing in New Jersey, near Chris's hometown.
Chris takes Samantha to his mother's house to spend the night and re-engages with his teenage past, including his unresolved feelings for Jamie.
Samantha meets Chris's mother and 18-year-old brother Mike (Christopher Marquette) who has an enormous crush on Samantha.
At the local bar, Chris encounters some old classmates, including his best friend Clark (Fred Ewanuick) and Clark's wife Darla (Amy Matysio); he also encounters Tim, who is now balding, fat, and a heavy drinker.
Jamie also appears, working as a bartender to support herself through graduate school.
Chris plans to impress and seduce Jamie.
He gets Mike to keep Samantha busy during his date with Jamie, but the realization that Jamie's platonic friendship is important to him hampers Chris's plan.
During a friendly ice skating "day date", Chris is taken away in an ambulance after injuring himself.
At the scene, Jamie is reunited with Dusty Dinkleman (Chris Klein), a paramedic and former high school nerd who was also romantically in love with her.
That night, in an attempt to rectify his situation, Chris again leaves Samantha in Mike's hands and takes Jamie to a movie showing of The Notebook.
Jamie, however, brings Dusty along, and Chris's mother ends up joining them, ruining Chris's plan.
Meanwhile, Samantha plays a gig at the heavy metal club that Chris sent her to, gets booed off the stage and assaults a member of the audience.
The next night, Chris goes to Jamie's for a Christmas party, planning to reveal his feelings for her, but he finds Dusty already there winning the guests over with his charm and musician talents.
Back at Chris's place, Samantha ambushes Mike and pushes him against the bathroom wall demanding to find out Chris's location; fully aware of his feelings, she passionately tongue kisses him until he tells her where Chris has gone.
In a rage, she drives to Jamie's house and crashes through her fence, destroying her family's Christmas decorations.
Chris returns home in embarrassment, and Jamie follows him; she tells him she is not mad and they end up spending the night together catching up and looking at photos, but due to Chris's continuing lack of assertion, the two end up falling asleep and no romance ensues.
The next day, Jamie speaks with Darla about the night before and her fear that Chris's lack of affection means that he doesn't like her.
Jamie admits that while the two are "just friends", she tried to "put herself out there" to Chris, to show Chris that she is interested in a relationship.
Meanwhile, Chris goes to Clark's medical office to get advice, saying that "the timing wasn't right" and Jamie and Chris's history hinders his willingness to have sex with her.
Outside the office, they happen to catch Dusty singing to a sexy nurse and then kissing her.
Dusty reveals to Chris and Clark that he only plans to have sex with Jamie, as he wants to humiliate her in the same way that he felt she used to humiliate him when he was a nerd and she was the object of his crush.
Chris tries to warn Jamie, but instead ends up attacking Dusty in front of her; Jamie refuses to listen when Chris tries to explain.
Chris consequently gets drunk and goes to the bar where Jamie works, finding her there with Dusty.
Jamie refuses to listen and Dusty tries to convince her to have sex with him.
When Jamie gently turns him down, Dusty storms out of the bar.
Chris and Jamie get into another fight, with him blaming her for keeping him in the "friend zone" and saying that she "peaked in high school" and will never amount to anything.
Jamie punches Chris and he is tossed out of the bar.
Upon returning to LA and having a frightening reunion with Samantha (who sneaks into Chris's house to "surprise him"), Chris realizes that Jamie is his one and only official and true love.
He returns to New Jersey hoping to finally be with her.
Chris declares his genuinely intense romantic love for Jamie at her house and the two share a kiss outside, in view of the neighborhood kids.
Hoops McCann (Cusack) is a recent high school graduate who failed to get a basketball scholarship, disappointing his parents.
Hoops hopes to be admitted to the Rhode Island School of Design, and must write and illustrate a love story for his application.
He joins his friend George Calamari (Murray), and George's sister Squid, to spend the summer on the island of Nantucket, Massachusetts.
En route, they pick up a young rock singer named Cassandra Eldridge (Moore); who is being chased by a motorcycle gang at the time.
Once on the island, Hoops and George, along with George's island friends the Stork twins and Ack-Ack Raymond, must help Cassandra save her grandfather's house from the greedy Beckersted Family.
Along the way, Hoops must find a way to write his cartoon love story.
With the prize returned and the house spared, Hoops and Cassandra engage in a kiss and finally gives Hoops his love story for his application.
In the final scene, George's uncle Frank (having been driven insane every summer for trying to win a $1 million prize from a radio contest) finally wins, but his phone gets disconnected and his prize is given away to someone else; he snaps and promptly uses a rocket launcher to blow up the radio station, just as the Stork twins arrive and head to the fiery remains to roast marshmallows.
The owner of a perfume shop in Paris is horrified to find a skunk, Pepé Le Pew, testing the wares inside his store.
A strong and powerful gendarme, also repelled by the odor, is of no help.
The perfumer notices a black female cat (not named in this short, the black cat character is identified as such in the much later Carrotblanca as Penelope Pussycat), and with rage flings her into the store and demands her to "Remove that skunk, that polecat pole from the premises.
Avec.
".
The cat slides into the shop, hitting a bureau and causing a bottle of white dye to spill and run down her back and tail (a black cat acquiring a white, skunk-like stripe is a running gag in most Pepé Le Pew shorts).
Pepé Le Pew sees her and immediately mistakes her for a skunk.
The cat smells Pepé's odor and immediately tries to run away, chased by Pepé.
As she attempts to wiggle free from Pepé's embrace, he makes comments like, "it is love at sight first, no.
" and "we will make beautiful music together".
She breaks free and attempts to wash the stripe and the smell off but is unsuccessful.
She runs to a window and tries to open it, but it is stuck.
She finally takes refuge inside a locked glass cabinet, much to Pepé's chagrin.
Pepé first tries to lure her out sweetly, then demands that she come out of the cabinet.
She refuses, indicating that it is due to his odor.
Pepé Le Pew becomes saddened, pulls out a gun, walks out of sight and fires the weapon, presumably killing himself.
Panicked, the cat rushes out to save him, only to run directly into Pepé's arms.
He tells her, "I missed, fortunately for you".
The chase continues until Pepé finds the cat on the windowsill.
He believes that she is trying to prove her love for him by committing suicide, and declares that he will save her.
Pepé grabs for her, but she slips through his arms.
Pepé then calls out: "Vive l'amour, we die together" and steps off the window ledge.
The cat falls into a barrel of water under a rain-spout, while Pepé lands in a can of blue paint.
The water washes the white stripe off the cat, and also gives her a cold.
When Pepé climbs out he is blue.
He sees the ragged-looking, sneezing wet cat but does not recognize her.
He wanders off to find the "beautiful young lady skunk".
The soaked black cat watches his blue form walking away and she falls for him.
When Pepé goes back into the perfume shop to look for the female skunk, he hears the door shut and the lock click behind him.
When he turns, he sees the drenched female cat leering at him and begins to panic, realizing that he is now the victim of love.
She drops the key to the lock down her neckline as the startled Pepé says, "Oh, no.
" and runs away.
As Pepé runs as fast as he can, the cat follows using Pepé's familiar hopping pace.
The short ends with Pepé telling the audience: "You know, it is possible to be too attractive," while continuing to run.
A post-World War II feel-good movie, It Happened in Brooklyn begins in England at the end of the war.
Danny Miller (Frank Sinatra) is with a group of GIs awaiting transportation home to the US.
On his last night there, he meets Jamie Shellgrove (Peter Lawford), who is a very shy young man whose grandfather feels should be taken under someone's wing.
After observing Miller come to his grandson's aid at the piano, he asks Danny to speak with his son, to give him "some words of encouragement".
In order to look good in front of the Brooklyn-born nurse (Gloria Grahame) who scolded him for not making friends, he agrees, even going so far as to saying what would really fix Jamie up would be for him to come to Brooklyn.
As he rushes out to catch his transport to the docks for the voyage home, Danny discovers that Jamie is really the heir to a duke.
Upon Danny's return to Brooklyn, the film revolves around characters realizing their dreams of escaping working-class drudgery: in Sinatra's case to become a singer/musician rather than a shipping clerk, in Lawford's case to break out of his extreme shyness to gain a wife and a career as a songwriter, and in Grayson's case to break out of her schoolteaching job to star in the opera (although this last is not shown coming to pass, but she presumably lives happily ever after as she is brought to England as the fiancée of the Lawford character, who is heir to a dukedom).
The story ends with Danny realizing the nurse he talked to at the start of the film is the only girl for him, and since he figures she's got to be back in Brooklyn herself, and he's got all kinds of friends now, he's optimistic about finding and winning her.
The film's tagline was "Happy songs.
Happy stars.
Happy romance.
".
Lawford dances while singing a song, a performance that was particularly well received by both critics and public, outshining future fellow Rat Pack member Sinatra.
One highlight of the film is seeing and hearing Sinatra and Grayson singing "Là ci darem la mano" from Mozart's 1787 opera Don Giovanni.
Christine Riverton Duncan (Esther Williams) attempts to play matchmaker for her lovelorn friend Ellen (Paula Raymond) by pursuing Douglas Morrissen, Jr.
(John Lund), the man Ellen loves, all the way to Idaho.
There, Christine decides to play a joke on Douglas.
After boarding his train to Sun Valley, Christine wins the man's affections and then shocks him with hints that she expects a commitment.
Once she's in Sun Valley, however, things become problematic when Christine falls in love with hotel bandleader Dick Layne (Van Johnson).
During her time in Sun Valley, Christine wins the title of "Duchess of Idaho" in a dance contest.
The film opens with Francie "Gidget" Lawrence (Deborah Walley) and Jeff "Moondoggie" Matthews (James Darren) getting pinned.
Later, Gidget's father Russ (Carl Reiner) announces that they are going to Hawaii for a vacation.
Gidget refuses to go and leave Jeff alone; Gidget's mother Dorothy (Jean Donnell) explains to Russ that Jeff is all that matters to Gidget.
Russ decides to cancel Gidget's room reservation and make arrangements for her to stay with a relative so that she can be with Jeff.
However, when Jeff tells Gidget that he thinks it's great and that she should go to Hawaii, Gidget gives him back his pin, runs home and tells her folks she has changed her mind.
On the plane en route to the Aloha State, Gidget meets Abby Stewart (Vicki Trickett) and popular dance Eddie Horner (Michael Callan) who is en route to a performance at a theater–restaurant next to their hotel.
They also meet three more men named Judge Hamilton (Joby Baker), Larry Neal (Don Edmonds), and Wally Hodges (Bart Patton).
Abby enjoys the fact that they will all be at the same hotel but Gidget barely reacts.
Abby figures out that Gidget has just broken up and asks her to tell the story; Gidget does, but in an overly dramatic way.
She says it was love at first sight then she went overboard and "surrendered herself completely," which Abby misinterprets as "she went all the way".
As the kids mingle, Gidget's parents and Abby's parents Monty (Eddie Foy Jr) and Mitzi (Peggy Cass) are enjoying each other's company.
On the beach, Abby toys with all the boys' emotions, but appears to like Eddie best.
Eddie, however, finds an interest in Gidget, who is still in a foul mood.
Russ feels bad and decides to send a message to Jeff, suggesting that he come out to Hawaii to surprise Gidget and make her feel better.
He immediately accepts.
That night, Abby visits Gidget and invites her to dine with her and Eddie and the rest of the gang.
Gidget declines at first, then agrees after her mother convinces her that she should enjoy her time there and have fun with Abby and the boys.
At the restaurant, Abby is annoyed that she can't be alone with Eddie, so she finds two other girls named Barbara Jo Wells (Jan Conaway) and Dee Dee Waters (Robin Lory) to accompany them.
At another table where Gidget's and Abby's parents are, Russ receives a telegram that Jeff is taking the first plane out to Hawaii.
Gidget finally arrives, all dressed up, and joins the group.
All the guys are completely drawn to her and when the dance music starts Eddie automatically grabs Gidget's hand.
Later that night, Abby lets Gidget know how annoyed she was about her making such an entrance.
The next day, we see Gidget surfing with a very annoyed Abby (who is afraid of the water) looking on from the beach.
The guys watch in amazement as Gidget shows off her surfing moves, prompting Eddie to ask her for surfing lessons.
After Eddie wipes out on his first attempt, he and Gidget run back on shore where they kiss.
Jeff, having just arrived from the mainland, sees this and walks off in disgust.
Gidget runs after him, the two argue and finally decide to go their separate ways with Jeff threatening to "get a game of his own going".
The "game" begins that night at dinner when Jeff arrives with Abby (who is unaware that he is Gidget's boyfriend as Gidget had only identified him as "Moondoggie").
For this, Gidget tries to make Jeff jealous by flirting with Eddie.
The gang begins a conversation about things being tame with Judge suggesting to Gidget that she should try water skiing (which at the time was really risky).
Gidget accepts.
The next day, the kids gather at the ski jump and try to persuade Gidget not to attempt it, but she does anyway.
She starts off well, but during the jump she lets go of the handle and crashes into the water.
Jeff and Judge jump into a speedboat and save her.
Still desperate to make Jeff jealous, Gidget flirts with Judge who agrees to go with her to Eddie's performance that night.
all in the presence of Jeff.
The following day, the kids are sailing the ocean on a catamaran.
Jeff soundly chides Gidget for letting the "game" get out of control, but he backs off when she tells him that she won't tolerate such a scolding from anyone.
except a husband.
Meanwhile, Abby is fed up with Gidget and decides to take her down a notch by spreading a wanton rumor about her.
She implies to her mother that Gidget has slept with Eddie and other guys, rationalizing that it is half-true because Gidget had said that she gave herself "completely to that Moondoggie person".
Mitzi relays this to Dorothy, who refuses to believe it.
Even after Gidget herself denies even the thought of such a thing, arguments about it break out between the adults.
Russ and Mitzi end up down at the hotel bar where they realize they see eye-to-eye on things; they decide to go to the Mauhana Room.
At the same time, Monty and Dorothy (who had been talking upstairs in the hotel room) also decide to go to the Mauhana Room.
At the Luau that night, Abby is the center of attention and is happy about it, especially since Gidget isn't there.
Eddie decides to go for a walk and runs into Gidget.
He tells her of the rumor then confesses he's in love with her.
A crestfallen Gidget tells him that she doesn't love him but they agree to be friends.
However, Gidget still can't bring herself to go to the Luau since she doesn't know how far Abby's rumor has spread, so she goes for a walk alone on the beach and pictures herself promiscuous and pregnant.
Back at the Luau, Abby tells Jeff about the rumor that Gidget sleeps around, admitting that it's a lie and that Gidget only had one affair with a guy named "Moondoggie".
Jeff then realizes how much he cares about Gidget, so he puts Abby in her place by telling her that he likes her and to call him what everyone at home calls him: "Moondoggie".
Jeff and Gidget reconcile on the beach and head back to the hotel to straighten everything out with the adults.
When the hotel clerk informs them that Russ and Mitzi left the hotel from one way and Monty and Dorothy left from another exit, Gidget and Jeff wait for them in her parents' suite.
At the Mauhana Room, the adults also reconcile after discussing the situation; Mitzi assures Russ and Dorothy that Abby will be punished for her misdeed.
They return to the hotel and find that Gidget is not in her suite.
Word of Gidget's disappearance gets around to her friends and Abby, who shows deep regret for the trouble she has caused.
Soon, everybody is gathered in Gidget's room; they express deep worry and concern, completely unaware that Gidget is just down the hall in her parents' suite with Jeff.
Worried that her parents are cheating on each other, Gidget and Jeff make up a plan.
As she and Moondoggie embrace and kiss on the couch, Russ enters and expresses shock, then relief.
Gidget tells her father that Mom is asleep but she fixed it so his bed looks slept in; she suggests that he stay in Jeff's room for the night and come back in the morning so she won't suspect anything.
Russ plays along and goes to tell Dorothy to "get your half of what I got".
Gidget tells her mother the same thing she just told her father, but Dorothy goes into the bedroom anyway.
To Gidget's surprise, her father is in bed and appears to be asleep.
She taps him and he jumps up and yells "Boo.
" Jeff and the rest of the gang come in; Gidget embraces Jeff and all seems to be well now.
with the exception of some unfinished business which is taken care of the next day.
The guys drag a screaming Abby into the ocean and place her on top of Gidget's surfboard.
When the surf comes rolling in, Abby frantically clings on for dear life while Gidget and Jeff enjoy riding the waves.
The film follows the exploits of film actor Jack Noah (Dreyfuss), who is filming in the small, fictional South American country of Parador when Paradorian President Alfonse Simms, a Pinochet-style dictator, suddenly dies of a heart attack.
Not wanting to lose his position in power, the president's right-hand man, Roberto Strausmann (Juliá) forces Jack to take the 'role of a lifetime' - that of the dead president, as the two men look so much alike.
Jack accepts, eventually winning over the people and even the dead president's mistress, Madonna (Braga).
However, when paradise proves to be too boring, Jack needs to find a way to get out while keeping Roberto out of the loop.
Largely an autobiographical tale, the novel revolves around Timothy "Dildo" Dunphy, a ne'er-do-well from the city of Pawtucket, Rhode Island, which borders Providence.
After Dunphy falls in with a bad element at home, his father, a widower, exiles him to the fictional Cornwall Academy (a thin guise for Kent School located near Kent, Connecticut).
Over time, Dunphy struggles with issues including class structure, loyalty, first love, and his ongoing issues with his father.
Ironically, Dunphy finds that his fellow prep-school students merely represent a wealthier, more polished class of delinquent than the friends he has left at home.
The novel was Farrelly's fledgling effort, and served as his thesis when he graduated from the creative writing program at Columbia University.
Harold Meadows (Lloyd) is a tailor's apprentice for his uncle in Little Bend, California.
He is so shy around women that he can barely speak to them (to stop his stuttering, his uncle has to blow a whistle).
Despite this, Harold writes a "how to" book for young men entitled "The Secret of Making Love", detailing how to woo different types of young women, such as "the vampire" and "the flapper" (in scenes that parodied two other popular films of the time, Trifling Women and Flaming Youth), and takes a train to see a publisher in Los Angeles.
The same day, rich young Mary Buckingham (Ralston) boards the same train after her automobile breaks down in Little Bend.
No dogs are allowed aboard, so she hides her Pomeranian under her shawl, but her pet jumps off as the train pulls away.
Harold rescues her dog and helps Mary hide it from the conductor.
She sees his manuscript, so he starts telling her about his book, overcoming his stuttering in his enthusiasm.
They become so absorbed in each other that neither realizes that the train has reached its final destination and everyone else has departed.
Upon returning home, Mary rejects the latest in a string of marriage proposals from persistent suitor Ronald DeVore, a rich man almost twice her age.
After her car is repaired, Mary intentionally detours through Little Bend repeatedly, hoping to see Harold again.
On one such trip, Ronald is also along for the ride, and his unwanted attentions cause Mary to swerve and get her car stuck near the outskirts of Little Bend.
While Ronald walks back to town for a tow, Mary runs into Harold.
After telling Mary about the remainder of his book, Harold informs her that he is going to see the publisher, Roger Thornby, in a few days to deliver a new chapter that will be about her.
They agree to meet again afterward.
Meanwhile, Ronald runs into a middle-aged woman who asks if he is finally going to introduce her to his family, but he stalls, then rides away in the tow-vehicle.
mr Thornby's professional readers find Harold's book hilariously absurd, so he rejects it.
Without any royalty money, Harold figures he cannot ask Mary to marry him.
So he pretends that he was only using her as part of his research.
Heartbroken, Mary impulsively agrees to marry Ronald.
Afterward, though, one of mr Thornby's senior employees convinces him that, if the staff liked the book so much, there must be a market for it, so Thornby decides to publish it as "The Boob's Diary".
A few days later, a depressed Harold gets a letter from the publisher, but just rips it up without opening it, assuming that it is a rejection notice.
Fortunately, his uncle notices that one of the scraps is part of an advance royalty check for $3,000; the accompanying letter states that the book will be published as a comedy.
At first, Harold is outraged, but then he realizes that he can propose to Mary after all.
However, when he sees a newspaper headline announcing Mary and Ronald's wedding that same day at her family's estate, he gives up.
By chance, the same woman whom Ronald had met a few days earlier walks in and, seeing the newspaper story, tearfully exclaims that she is Ronald's wife.
As proof, she shows Harold a locket with the couple's wedding portrait and the engraved words "to my wife" that Ronald had given her two years earlier.
Harold embarks on a frenzied headlong dash, involving bootleggers, car chases and multiple changes of vehicle (from missing the train to various cars to a trolley to a police motorcycle to a horse-drawn wagon to horseback), through the countryside and along the crowded streets of Culver City and Los Angeles.
He bursts in just in time, but he cannot stop stuttering long enough to expose Ronald's intended bigamy.
So Harold simply carries Mary off.
When they are alone, he tells her about Ronald's secret and shows her the locket.
Mary gets Harold to propose (with an assist from a passing mail carrier's whistle), and she accepts.
When Fella's (Jerry Lewis) father dies, he continues to live with his wicked stepmother, Emily (Judith Anderson), and her two sons, Maximilian (Henry Silva) and Rupert (Robert Hutton).
His stepfamily takes over the family mansion, while Fella is reduced to living in an unfinished room at the end of a long hallway.
He has in essence become their butler, catering to their every whim.
Fella dreams nightly that his father is trying to relay a message to him about where he has hidden his fortune, but he always awakens before he learns the hiding place.
His stepfamily knows of this secret fortune and some go to great lengths to discover its whereabouts, while others pretend to befriend him in order to wrangle Fella's fortune away once it is found.
Princess Charming of the Grand Duchy of Morovia (Anna Maria Alberghetti) is in town, so the stepmother decides to throw her a lavish ball in order to get her to marry one of the sons.
Fella is not allowed to go to the ball, but his fairy godfather (Ed Wynn) says he will not remain a "people" much longer, but will blossom into a "person".
Before the ball, Fella is turned into a handsome prince.
Count Basie's orchestra is playing at the ball when Fella makes his grand entrance.
The young man quickly gains the attention of the Princess and they dance.
The night is cut short when midnight strikes and Fella flees, losing his shoe along the way.
Back home, one of Fella's stepbrothers realizes that Fella is the supposed "prince".
They wind up in a struggle under a tree, in the process discovering that this is where Fella's father's fortune is hidden.
Fella gives the money to his stepfamily, saying he never needed money to be happy, he only wanted a family.
Shamed, his stepmother orders her sons to return the money to Fella.
The Princess arrives with Fella's lost shoe, but Fella explains that they could never be together because she is a "person" and he is a "people".
She tells him that, underneath the fancy clothes, she is a "people" too.
In the film, Nick (Allen), a sports lawyer, is married to psychotherapist and author Deborah (Midler).
After years of being happily married, Nick reveals to Deborah that he has had an affair.
She is soon shocked and requests a divorce, but later admits that she herself has been unfaithful.
On New Year's Eve in 2005, high school juniors Troy Bolton (Zac Efron) and Gabriella Montez (Vanessa Hudgens) meet at a party while both teens are at a ski lodge during winter break.
At the party, the two are called upon to sing karaoke together ("Start of Something New").
They find that they have a connection and decide to exchange numbers before going their separate ways.
On the first day back at school after Christmas break, Troy sees Gabriella in his homeroom and she explains that she just moved to Albuquerque, New Mexico and transferred to East High School over the break.
Troy shows Gabriella around the school and they pause in front of the sign-up sheet for the winter musical auditions.
Drama Club president Sharpay Evans (Ashley Tisdale) arrives, assuming that Gabriella is interested in auditioning.
Wanting to eliminate competition, Sharpay investigates the new girl and has the scholastic decathlon captain, Taylor McKessie (Monique Coleman), find out about Gabriella's past academic achievements, which results in Taylor and Gabriella becoming great friends.
During basketball practice, Troy has trouble focusing because his thoughts are on Gabriella and the idea that he might enjoy singing more than basketball ("Get'cha Head in the Game").
Gabriella and Troy go to the musical auditions where Sharpay and her twin brother Ryan Evans (Lucas Grabeel) perform ("What I've Been Looking For"), but both are too shy to audition.
When Gabriella finally gains the confidence to step forward, Troy offers to sing with her, but ms Darbus (Alyson Reed) tells them that they are too late.
After mrs Darbus attempts to leave, Kelsi Nielsen (Olesya Rulin), the musical's composer, trips and drop her music sheets.
Troy and Gabriella rush to help her, and they sing together as Kelsi plays piano ("What I've Been Looking For (Reprise)").
ms Darbus overhears them and gives them a callback audition.
When the callback list is posted, Sharpay discovers that she has competition for the lead in the musical, and the rest of the Wildcats are shocked that Troy and Gabriella have auditioned.
Other students confess their own secret passions and talents ("Stick to the Status Quo"), alarming both Taylor and Troy's best friend Chad Danforth (Corbin Bleu).
Since Gabriella has agreed to join the scholastic decathlon team, both Taylor and Chad want their teammates to focus on their upcoming competitions rather than the musical.
Troy is then tricked into saying that Gabriella is not important while she watches through a wi-fi link that the scholastic decathlon team had set up.
Gabriella gets extremely upset by his betrayal ("When There Was Me and You") and decides not to audition for the musical.
Troy is left confused as to why Gabriella did not want to audition anymore.
Realizing their mistake, Chad and the basketball team tell Troy what happened and offer to support him in callbacks.
Troy goes to Gabriella's house and they reconcile.
After overhearing Gabriella and Troy practicing, Sharpay has ms Darbus change the callback time to coincide with both the basketball championship and the scholastic decathlon to interfere with Gabriella and Troy's participation.
Kelsi overhears the conversation and the basketball team and the decathlon team work together to come up with a plan.
On the day of the competitions, Taylor and Gabriella use the school's computers to delay the championship and the decathlon.
Troy and Gabriella rush to the auditorium, and Sharpay and Ryan finish performing their song ("Bop to the Top"), confident that their plan worked.
After Gabriella and Troy audition ("Breaking Free"), ms Darbus gives the two the lead roles, making Sharpay and Ryan understudies.
Troy and Gabriella both win their respective competitions and the entire school gathers in the gym to celebrate ("We're All In This Together").
Chad asks Taylor out, and Sharpay makes peace with Gabriella.
In a post-credits scene, Zeke (Chris Warren Jr) paces alone in the gym as Sharpay runs in declaring the cookies she rejected from him earlier "genius".
She then hugs him and he says he will make her a crème brûlée.
Tira (Mae West) shimmies and sings in the sideshow of Big Bill Barton's Wonder Show, while her current boyfriend, pickpocket "Slick" (Ralf Harolde), relieves her distracted audience of their valuables for Big Bill (Edward Arnold).
One of the rich customers arranges a private rendezvous, during which Slick barges in and attempts to run a badger game on the customer.
The customer threatens to call the cops, so Slick whacks him over the head with a bottle.
Mistakenly thinking he has killed the man, Slick flees, but is caught and jailed.
Fearing that Slick will implicate her, Tira asks Big Bill for a loan to retain her lawyer, Bennie Pinkowitz (Gregory Ratoff).
He agrees on condition that she does her lion taming act, which includes putting her head into the mouth of one of the beasts, promising her that it will get her (and him) to the "Big Show".
It does.
(West did some of her own stunts, including riding an elephant into the ring)  Tira's fame takes her to New York City, where wealthy Kirk Lawrence (Kent Taylor) is smitten, despite being engaged to snobbish socialite Alicia Hatton (Gertrude Michael).
He showers her with expensive gifts.
Kirk's friend and even richer cousin, Jack Clayton (Cary Grant), goes to see Tira to ask her to leave Kirk and his fiancée alone.
He ends up falling for her himself.
Tira and Jack’s romance leads to a wedding engagement.
Tira tells Big Bill she is quitting to get married.
Unwilling to lose his prize act, he has Slick, recently released from prison, sneak into Tira's penthouse suite, where Jack finds him in his robe.
As a result, Jack breaks off the engagement.
Tira sues Jack for breach of promise.
The defense tries to use her past relationships to discredit her, but the judge allows her to cross examine the witnesses herself and in doing so she wins over not only the judge and jury, but also Jack.
Jack agrees to give her a big settlement check.
When he goes to see her, Tira tears up the check, and the two reconcile.
Nicole Maris (Melissa Joan Hart) and Chase Hammond (Adrian Grenier) live next door to each other.
Nicole lives with her divorced mother and Chase's mother died of cancer, making them two teens living with their single parents.
However, they are worlds apart.
Nicole is a popular socialite up on the latest fashions; Chase is an unpopular activist and trouble-maker on the latest protest.
Nicole wouldn't miss a pep rally or basketball game with her scheming socialite friends.
Chase can usually be found in a dark coffee room with his friends.
Nicole wants a dream date with the star basketball player for their school's senior prom, but right before it was certain they were going together, he falls in love with a cheerleader.
Meanwhile, Chase's "non-conformist" girlfriend, Dulcie (Ali Larter) dumps him for not joining her in animal rights activism.
Now that they have something in common, Nicole and Chase reluctantly join forces to navigate the land mines of high school love.
Nicole and Chase's scheme is to publicly date each other to attract the interest and jealousy of their respective romantic prey.
Chase allows Nicole to do a makeover of himself to make himself more handsome and presentable to the other social circles at the school.
At first, their scheme works: they both get the person they wanted.
But in the midst of planning a gala centennial celebration for prom, Nicole and Chase find that the one they always wanted is closer than they ever realized.
Finally, they dump their original dates and fall in love with each other.
There is still one big twist that could ruin their relationship forever in the end.
After the celebration ends, they go back home only to find out that their parents have fallen in love and will move in together, which would make them step-siblings.
However, the movie ends with the feeling that they aren't going to let that fact stop their relationship.
Craig Blake (Jeff Bridges) is a young Southern man born of a wealthy family, but left lonely and idle after his parents died in a plane crash.
He is content to spend his time fishing, hunting and puttering around his large family mansion, inhabited only by himself and a butler (Scatman Crothers).
Blake's "job" is a sinecure working at a shady investment firm run by a slick con artist named Jabo (Joe Spinell) and he does very little actual work.
But since he has to have his name "on paper" somehow as an employee, he is asked to personally transact the purchasing of a small gym that the real estate firm is buying in order to clear space for an office high-rise.
He initially approaches the gym representing himself as a businessman looking to buy it, and acts relatively impersonal with its staff, although he is strangely fascinated with the world he discovers there (reflecting the expansion of physical exercise to the mainstream which occurred in the 1970s).
But Blake's primary social life is centered around the upscale country club he attends.
The audience is introduced to the ritzy country club crowd, including the WASP-y Lester (Ed Begley, Jr) and the roguish rake Halsey (John David Carson).
Blake spends his time at this club with his friends playing tennis and shooting poker dice, and flirting with the upper-class women of all ages - one of whom asks Blake to find an "authentic" musical guest for an upcoming party at the club.
As Blake moves forward with his business deal, he falls in love with the gym after visiting it several times - he is immediately taken by the pretty receptionist Mary Tate Farnsworth (Sally Field) and the free-spirited, friendly bodybuilder Joe Santo (Schwarzenegger), who aspires to win the mr Universe title.
He cannot bring himself to sell out his newfound friends at the gym for the sake of his job, and so he evades the inquiries of his friend and coworker Hal Foss as to his progress in the purchasing deal.
All the while, he grows closer to Mary Tate and Joe Santo - who initially appear to be a couple.
However, Mary Tate latches onto Craig romantically - and Santo gives Craig his blessing for this unorthodox relationship, claiming that he needs to keep himself challenged both in the gym and in his romantic life in order to succeed.
Mary Tate and Craig begin a passionate and exciting relationship.
But trouble erupts when he tries to integrate Mary Tate into his country-club scene.
This tension comes to a head at a party at the country club, which features Joe Santo as a musical guest, performing bluegrass songs on the violin with a small country group.
Craig, with Mary Tate as his guest (dressed inappropriately in a garish and revealing pink dress), is enthusiastic about Joe Santo's upcoming musical performance for the night.
But Craig's friends, particularly Halsey, mock Santo as a "freak" and an outcast.
When Halsey suggest that Santo disrobe and show the crowd his "tits," Craig throws a glass of Scotch in his face and tells Halsey that Santo could "crush him like an eggshell".
A fight nearly breaks out between the two, but is broken up.
Meanwhile, a bitter Halsey and his friend Packman formulate a plan to embarrass Santo.
When Santo's musical act is finally put on stage, the crowd seems enthusiastic about the music, though the hostess of the party dismisses it as a "racket".
However, Halsey and Packman drunkenly bellow at Santo and heckle the band.
Santo notices it, but stoically continues playing.
However, when Halsey screams "let's hear it for Muscle Beach symphony orchestra.
" Santo is unable to continue playing, puts down his violin and leaves the party.
Meanwhile, a frustrated Craig tries to convince Mary Tate to see him for who he really is, and not for his snobbish friends and ritzy surroundings.
The mr Universe contest is approaching fast and Santo is training hard.
But Jabo, owner of the shady real estate firm, attempts to bribe the owner of the gym, Thor Eriksen, when he realizes that Blake will not purchase the building as he was supposed to.
He plies Eriksen and his assistant Newton with drugs, booze and hookers, and on the day of the contest, they are busy with acts of debauchery as Santo is readying to take the stage - hoping to beat his rival Dougie Stewart (fellow bodybuilder Ken Waller in a memorable cameo).
While Thor is drunk and distracted with the prostitutes, Newton secretly stashes the prize money inside his handbag, and then leaves the gym with the prostitutes when they are finished - stealing the money and fleeing.
Meanwhile, Joe Santo and Dougie Stewart pose together on stage, to the theme song from the film 'Exodus' and the enthusiastic applause of the crowd.
Meanwhile, Blake visits at the gym and engages in an intense physical fight, dodging weights and gym equipment thrown by the drunken and drug-crazed Eriksen.
He finds Mary Tate at the gym, who had just moments earlier been assaulted by Eriksen in an amyl nitrite fueled rage.
When the contestants at the mr Universe show discover that the prize money has been stolen, they run after Joe Santo, who himself is actually running to try to meet Mary Tate.
The chase results in the wave of bodybuilders pouring out into the streets of Birmingham, to the amazed crowd of onlookers which sees them.
The bodybuilders take advantage of this unexpected attention to put on an impromptu posing routine for the crowd, and the members of the crowd join in, imitating the athletes' poses and enjoying themselves - an embracing of the bodybuilding lifestyle by 'normal' people which arguably represents the real-life 1970s boom of personal fitness.
The film ends with Craig sarcastically deriding his former bosses at the real-estate firm, and deciding to go into the gym business with Joe Santo.
A voice-over by his uncle Albert says, "you may not have been the Blake that we anticipated, but you are definitely Craig Blake - an identity that no one will dare challenge".
Craig has finally "found himself" and discovered a true place in the sun, and true friendships, and he mocks his former boss Jabo with an exaggerated bodybuilding pose - acting as a final burning of the bridge between his old life and his new one.
The final shot of the film shows Craig moving out of his family's mansion, passing on all of his old family memorabilia to his loyal butler, and leaving behind his old self once and for all - on the way to a new and exciting future.
The Earl and Countess of Rhyall (Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr) are facing financial troubles and are therefore forced to permit guided tours of their stately home.
A suave, somewhat obnoxious American oil tycoon, Charles Delacro (Robert Mitchum), barges into the lady of the manor's private quarters, either deliberately or by mistake.
He introduces himself, explaining the family name was originally "Delacroix" but his grandfather tired of Americans pronouncing the "X" in the name.
Delacro's attentions to the Countess turn her head.
Rather than behave jealously, the Earl invites the American to come visit, taking their guest fishing as part of a bid to impress the importance of heritage on Delacro.
Also visiting is an ex-girlfriend of Lord Rhyall's, the American heiress Hattie Durant (Jean Simmons).
A love triangle (or quadrangle) soon develops.
Determined to remain civilized at all times, the Earl pretends not to know that his wife has begun having an affair with Delacro at his London hotel, or that her new mink coat is a gift from her lover.
He does suggest to Delacro, however, that he feels a compulsion to defend his wife's honor, and therefore challenges the American to a duel.
They aim and fire once apiece inside the mansion, where the Earl is wounded in the arm while Delacro is unharmed.
It is soon revealed that Sellers, the family butler who loaded the pistols, made sure both men were firing blanks while he, Sellers, an expert shot, wounded the Earl with a weapon of his own.
As much as she would like to, Hilary cannot bring herself to leave her loving husband for the new man in her life.
Delacro drives off, taking Hattie with him.
Margaret Turner (Myrna Loy) and Susan Turner (Shirley Temple) are sisters who live together.
Susan is an intelligent 17-year-old high-school student with a habit of forming short-lived interests after hearing the regular guest lectures at the school.
Margaret is a judge, and Susan's guardian.
Richard Nugent (Cary Grant), a handsome and sophisticated artist, is a defendant in Margaret's courtroom, charged by ADA Tommy Chamberlain (Rudy Vallee) with starting a nightclub brawl.
She releases him with a warning when it becomes clear that the fight was started by two women fighting over him.
He proceeds to Susan's school, where he is the guest lecturer for the day&mdash;and as he speaks, Susan becomes infatuated with him.
After the talk she finds a reason to spend time with him and suggests she model for him; that evening, she puts on a sophisticated dress and sneaks away from home and into his apartment while he is out.
Richard has no sooner discovered Susan in his apartment than Tommy and Margaret arrive to rescue her from his presumed seduction.
Richard assaults Tommy and is held in jail until Matt Beemish (Ray Collins), who is the court psychiatrist and also Margaret and Susan's uncle, intervenes and explains the true situation.
He recommends allowing Susan to date Richard until the infatuation burns itself out; Tommy will drop the assault charge if Richard complies.
At a high-school basketball game, Richard tries unsuccessfully to boost Susan's image of Jerry White (Johnny Sands), the boyfriend she dumped for him.
Later, at a school picnic, Susan persuades Richard to enter a series of novelty races (open to adult family members), where he loses repeatedly to Tommy.
But in the main event, an obstacle course, she asks Jerry to help Richard win.
Because he still loves her, Jerry complies, helping him directly at one point, then colliding with Tommy so that Richard does win the event.
Meanwhile, Richard and Margaret are becoming attracted to each other, to the discomfiture of Tommy, who sees Richard as a habitual troublemaker and wants Margaret for himself.
Hoping Richard will stop seeing Margaret if he no longer has to date Susan, Tommy announces he is dropping the charge.
But Richard and Margaret go out to a nightclub, where they are interrupted in succession by all the other main characters as well as a former girlfriend of Richard's.
They all part angrily.
Afterwards, though, Matt is able to talk sense into Susan, and she returns to Jerry.
Matt finds out that Richard has decided to take a trip and is able to manipulate affairs so that Margaret will travel with him.
Learning that Tommy is coming to arrest Richard on trumped-up charges, Matt forestalls him by telling police at the airport that Tommy is a mental patient with delusions of being an ADA.
Richard and Margaret are happily surprised to meet each other as they approach the plane to board.
Veronica Fisher (Judy Garland) enters Oberkugen's music shop, looking for work.
Although Otto Oberkugen (S.
Sakall) is reluctant to take on more staff, she wins a job by persuading a wealthy matron, through her singing and musical expertise, to buy a harp at almost $25 over Oberkugen's list price.
Neither she nor Andrew Larkin (Van Johnson), the shop's senior salesman, suspects that they are each other's anonymous pen pal.
They bicker constantly at work although becoming increasingly attracted to each other.
Pete Seltzer (Matthau) is introduced to Tillie Schlaine (Burnett) at a party.
Her friends Gertrude and Bert are the hosts and attempting to fix her up.
Pete is a confirmed bachelor with eccentric habits.
When he isn't doing odd motivational research for a San Francisco firm, he plays ragtime piano and makes bad puns.
He periodically pops in and out of Tillie's life, going days without calling but showing up spontaneously at her door.
When they finally make love, he learns Tillie is a virgin.
It appears Pete might still be seeing other women, but when he gets a promotion at work, Tillie announces it's time to get married.
They do, then buy a house and have a baby boy.
Pete's affairs, however, apparently continue, Tillie even needing to discourage one of his young lovers at lunch.
Years go by until one day 9-year-old son Robbie (Lee Montgomery) is stricken with a fatal illness.
Pete tries to shield the boy by keeping him in what Tillie calls "a world of nonsense," but the inevitable death destroys Tillie's religious faith and ruptures their marriage.
Tillie abstains from sex while Pete turns to drink and takes an apartment.
Tillie's depression is alleviated a bit by a friendship with Jimmy (Rene Auberjonois), who is gay but willing to marry her if that would make Tillie happy.
When she and Jimmy conspire to make Gert (Geraldine Page) reveal her true age at long last, the result is a public brawl between the two women.
Tillie ends up in a sanitarium.
Her life has come to a standstill until Pete turns up one day.
When she sees the way their son's death affects him, after years of his hiding it, Tillie and Pete leave side by side.
57 years after the events of the first movie, Charlie Barkin (Charlie Sheen) welcomes his friend, Itchy (Dom DeLuise), to Heaven, but confesses himself bored by the afterlife.
Carface Caruthers, their old enemy (Ernest Borgnine), steals Gabriel's Horn, attempts to pass through the Pearly gates using the music they perform in order to open it so he can leave Heaven with the horn, but it closes on him to protect it from being stolen.
He winds up getting stuck on it when he tries to head to the other side and then pops himself out of it.
Before heading to Earth, he tries to take off his uniform, but knocks the horn down to Earth, causing him to dive into the purple cloud hole and catch it before it lands into the ocean, but loses it after getting hit by an airplane and sucked into the engines.
Continuing to fall to Earth, he sees that the horn ended up somewhere in San Francisco.
The dog angels are alerted of the horn's theft by Anabelle, the head angel (Bebe Neuwirth), who sends Charlie and Itchy to Earth to retrieve it, and gives them one miracle to use.
Upon arrival in San Francisco, they discover themselves as ghosts and therefore unable to interact with the physical world.
At a tavern where Charlie falls in love with a flirtatious and pretty Irish Setter named Sasha La Fleur (Sheena Easton), Carface appears in a corporeal form granted by a red dog collar created by Red (George Hearn), an elderly dog fortune teller who gives Charlie and Itchy equivalent collars effective for a single day.
Shortly thereafter, unbeknownst to the duo, Red reveals his true form as a demon hell cat who intends to take the horn for himself with Carface's help.
Charlie and Itchy meet Sasha and the human boy, David (Adam Wylie), who ran away from home to become a street performer, the former leading him to believe that he is his guardian angel.
Before leaving for "Easy Street", Charlie uses his miracle in the form of a passionate kiss (which Sasha does not take kindly to) to grant Sasha the ability to converse with David.
Upon seeing the horn being taken into a police station, they retrieve it, with Carface failing to steal it from them.
Reluctant to return to Heaven, Charlie conceals it in a lobster trap.
On Easy Street, they entertain an audience with magic tricks, but a rainstorm and David tumbling into a fountain ruins the act.
He thereafter reveals his belief that his father and stepmother, who are expecting a new baby, will care less for him once it's born; but is persuaded otherwise by Charlie.
As he and Sasha embrace, his collar vanishes, and he and Itchy become ghosts again.
Carface then kidnaps David and demands that Charlie bring Gabriel's horn to Alcatraz Island and give it to Red in exchange for David's life.
Determined to fulfill his promise to accompany David home, Charlie approaches Red, who presses him to give him the horn.
He does so, and Red uses it to capture Heaven's canine angels and send them to Earth in the prison cells, including Anabelle.
Charlie, Itchy, Sasha, and David fight Red and recover the horn, which Charlie plays to free the angels and send Red back to Hell.
Carface comes out of hiding and attempts to downplay his involvement.
However, he does offer a genuine apology, hoping to finally make amends with Charlie.
Red drags Carface into Hell after himself, which reveals to everyone that Carface unknowingly sold his soul to him in exchange for his collar.
Charlie gives the horn back to Anabelle in exchange for his life and says goodbye to Itchy, who decides to remain in Heaven.
After he reunites with Sasha and David, they head to the latter's house where he returns and reunites with his parents.
His stepmother is happy that he is all right and explains she has been worried sick and says just because she is pregnant does not mean she does not love him and that they are a family.
They then adopt Charlie and Sasha, before enjoying their new life together.
Danny O'Neill (Fred Astaire), and Hank Taylor (Burgess Meredith) are friends and rival trumpeters, with "O'Neill's Perennials", a college band.
Both of them have managed to prolong their college career by failing seven years in a row.
At a performance, Ellen Miller (Paulette Goddard) catches Danny and Hank's eye.
She serves them a collection notice for her boss, a debt collector, but the fast talking O'Neill and Taylor soon have her working for them as their manager.
Tired of losing gigs to the Perennials, Artie Shaw, playing himself, comes to woo Ellen away to be his booking manager.
She tries to get Danny and Hank an audition for Shaw's band, but their jealous hi-jinks get them both fired.
Ellen talks Shaw into letting rich wannabee musician Lester Chisholm (Charles Butterworth) back a concert.
It looks like the jig is up when Hank pretends to be Ellen's jealous husband, and then her brother.
But, talking fast, Danny and Hank get Chisholm back on board, and are able to get Shaw to agree to put Danny's song into the show.
All they have to do is keep Chisholm and his mandolin, which he wants to play in the concert, away from Shaw until after the show; the solution is sleeping pills to knock Chisolm, and incidentally Hank, out.
To Ellen's relief, Danny finally acts professionally, arranging his number for the show, which Shaw says "has really grown up into something special".
He hands the baton to Danny, and he successfully dance-conducts his own composition.
Steve Mason (Robert Mitchum), a veteran and drifter, is employed as a clerk during the Christmas season at Crowley's, a New York department store.
He suspects customer Connie Ennis (Janet Leigh) of being a comparative shopper for a rival store when she buys an expensive toy train set without asking a single question about it.
That night, her son Timmy (Gordon Gebert) becomes excited when he sneaks a peek at what he thinks is his present, only to be disappointed when his mother sets him straight.
When Connie returns the train the next day, Steve tells her of his suspicions and that he should report her to the store detective, which would lead to her firing.
After she explains that she is a war widow with a son to support, Steve refunds her money, a gesture that costs him his job.
Steve becomes acquainted with Connie, her son, and her longtime boyfriend, lawyer Carl Davis (Wendell Corey).
On Christmas morning, Timmy discovers the train set outside the apartment door and assumes that his mother got it for him after all.
When Connie realizes who it must have come from, she finds the almost-broke Steve in Central Park, gives him a tie (originally intended for Carl), and offers to reimburse him for the expensive present.
He refuses her money, saying that he wants to encourage Timmy's optimism.
Connie then reveals she is marrying Carl on New Year's Day; Steve lets her know he thinks her decision is a mistake.
Annoyed, Connie goes home.
Later on, Steve is arrested on suspicion of theft of a pair of stolen sterling silver salt and pepper shakers, which a park bum (Frank Mills) had given to him as a gift (after Steve gave him his old tie).
Carl does his best to secure his client's freedom, but only succeeds in annoying the police lieutenant (Harry Morgan).
Connie explains about Steve and the bum, to the discomfort of Carl and the amusement of the lieutenant, and Steve is released, because her story corroborates in every detail the story Steve had already told the lieutenant.
Timmy then invites Steve to have Christmas dinner with them.
The meal is an uneasy affair, with Connie's former in-laws (Esther Dale and Griff Barnett) watching the two rivals for her affections.
At the end, Steve stands up and announces that he is in love with Connie and that she should marry him.
She tells him to leave.
The next day, Timmy takes his train set back to Crowley's to get the money back for Steve because Timmy thinks Steve is somewhat destitute, and could use the money.
One of the cars has gotten broken in the holiday rush-crush, and his request is refused.
He eventually ends up tearfully telling his story to the store owner, mr Crowley (Henry O'Neill).
Mr Crowley takes the boy home, where Carl is on the phone to the police; reporting him missing.
Timmy tells them what he did.
Connie and Carl drive to Steve's hotel to give him the money.
When Connie asks Carl to see Steve by himself, the lawyer realizes he has no chance and gives up.
Connie then sees Steve, but when he insists that she stop grieving for her dead husband, she leaves.
Later, as she prepares to go alone to a New Year's Eve party, Timmy expresses his concern that she is going alone, and that when he gets married and moves away she will be all alone.
She finally stops denying to herself that she has loved Steve for a while.
Steve has sent her a farewell telegram letting her know he is leaving that night for California, so she takes Timmy, boards the train Steve is taking, and embraces him.
Britney Allen (Hayden Panettiere) is living a 'dream life' as the cheerleading captain and girlfriend of the star quarterback of Pacific Vista High School.
Her nemesis is the highly ambitious Winnie Harper (Marcy Rylan).
Her life changes dramatically when her father loses his job, and the family must relocate to the disadvantaged city, Crenshaw Heights, which Britney, being the "White Girl", takes quite a while to adjust to.
She meets Camille (Solange Knowles), cheerleading captain of the Crenshaw Heights 'Warriors' and her friends and fellow cheerleaders, Kirresha (Giovonnie Samuels) and Leti (Francia Raisa).
She also meets Jesse (Gus Carr), a male cheerleader and the only person who is nice to her on her first day.
Britney, at the urging of Winnie, has already vowed to never cheer for another team (as this would make her a 'cheer whore'), but after being dared by Camille and Jesse to show up at the cheerleading tryouts, Britney impresses everyone with her cheerleading skills and experience.
Camille, after being persuaded by her friends to "do it for the squad," reluctantly invites her onto the squad.
Britney and Jesse become close and eventually kiss.
Around this time, singer Rihanna announces a television special where all high school cheerleading squads can compete, with the winners appearing in a music video with her and winning new computers for their school.
Winnie finds out that Britney's cheering with the Warriors and reveals this to her friends.
A week later, Britney lies to Camille, telling her that she can't cheer at the next game as she's holding a memorial service for her dead dog; when she's actually going to Pacific Vista's Homecoming dance.
Camille and Jesse arrive at Britney's to offer their condolences, and when they see Britney and Brad (Jake McDorman) dressed up for the dance, Camille kicks her off the squad.
At the dance, Winnie reveals to everyone that she has been sleeping with Brad behind Britney's back causing Britney to dump him and end her friendship with Winnie, telling her that she's "too much of a backstabber to have any real friends".
On the day of the auditions, Britney arrives at the Warriors' bus and comes to wish them good luck.
When Winnie, with the rest of her team, makes fun of the Warriors, Britney stands up to Winnie and defends them.
Camille, impressed by this, lets Britney cheer with them again.
Jesse, however, is still mad at her for not telling him that she had a boyfriend before they had kissed.
Both of the rivaling teams show their performances.
At the auditions, the two finalists are Pacific Vista and Crenshaw Heights.
PV wows the audience with their routine and Camille starts getting worried.
Then Britney points out that all their steps are repetitive and that they have their secret weapon: Krumping.
Now dressed in streetwear instead of their regular uniforms, steps on stage during PV's performance and begins mirroring their steps.
Finally, they begin krumping, wiping PV off the stage and impressing Rihanna with their routine.
After the Warrior's performance ends, Winnie approaches Rihanna and insists that Crenshaw Heights should be disqualified ("or arrested") for interrupting PV's routine.
This leads to an argument between Winnie and the rest of the Pacific Vista squad, during which Britney notes, "Spirit Law states that if there's a cheer mutiny, a squad can vote to replace their captain".
Everyone present, even Rihanna and the other performing squads, vote to replace Winnie as the Pacific Vista High cheerleading captain.
Winnie protests, dismissing CH's style as "ghetto," to which Rihanna responds that she judges a squad by their skills and not by where they come from.
Rihanna ultimately selects Crenshaw Heights as the winners, and the Pacific Vista squad (with Britney's friend Amber (Cindy Chiu) as their new captain) comes forward to congratulate them.
Britney and Jesse also make up, kissing backstage after their first performance.
The film ends with a made-for-film music video of Rihanna's "Pon de Replay" with the Crenshaw Heights squad dancing in the background.
During the end credits, the main characters are seen dancing to the outro music as the film ends.
Harold McMurphy (Piven) is a single, 30-year-old, Hollywood-obsessed tour bus driver in Beverly Hills who works for his father's struggling tour company.
He dreams of finding a perfect woman will love him for who he is, despite his father's insistence that he lower his standards.
When two women from a tour ask Harold where they can see Hollywood stars, he directs them to a trendy Hollywood cafe where his best friend, Danny (Sams), is a bartender.
Harold goes to meet them and overhears a conversation in which a man hits on a woman by telling her that he is a writer represented by Arthur Blake (Shawn).
Harold then spots up-and-coming actress Amanda Clark (Fenn) arguing with her agent, Sidney Stone (Williams).
Danny encourages Harold to ask Amanda for an autograph.
She greets him warmly and asks what he does.
He lies and tells her that he is a writer represented by Arthur Blake.
Amanda asks for his feedback on a screenplay for a movie she is cast in.
Danny encourages Harold to pursue Amanda romantically, even though she has a movie-star boyfriend, Rich Adams (Costas Mandylor).
Harold meets with Amanda to discuss the script and is the only person who sees the same problems with the screenplay that she sees.
Amanda takes Harold to a party filled with stars and elites so they can confront Sidney with Harold's opinion of the script.
After Sidney dismisses them both, Amanda catches Rich with another woman.
Harold and Sidney set out to stop Harold's budding relationship with Amanda before it embarrasses them both.
Meanwhile, Harold's father decides to set him up with an "interesting-looking" psychic named Lulu (Yeardley Smith).
After escaping from Lulu, Harold takes Amanda on a date to a local fair.
At the end of their date, Amanda tells Harold that she's arranged for him to rewrite the screenplay, telling Harold that Sidney will call Arther Blake the next day to finalize the details and set the pay.
Harold tries to tell Amanda the truth about himself, but can't bring himself to.
The next morning, Harold sneaks into Arthur Blake's office and explains the whole situation.
Arthur Blake advises Harold to "just write".
Despite knowing nothing about writing, Harold buys a stack of books on screenwriting and dedicates himself to rewriting the screenplay.
His father convinces him that the key to being a great writer is to be a great drinker, and encourages him to go find a bar and get drunk.
Meanwhile, Amanda realizes she's falling for Harold and begins digging for information about him.
Nobody knows anything about him.
She calls the tour company looking for him.
Harold's father answers, thinking he's talking to Lulu, and tells her to forget about Harold because he's only interested in Hollywood floozies.
Amanda then finds Harold at the bar where they first met, drunk and surrounded by giggling women.
She confronts Harold about his obsession with floozies and ends their relationship.
He tries, again, to tell her the truth, but she drives away before he can finish explaining it.
Dejected, Harold goes back home and finishes rewriting the script.
Assuming that his screenwriting career is over before it began, Harold goes back to driving the tour bus.
Harold's father finds out that Amanda accused him of being obsessed with floozies and realizes that he is the reason they broke up.
He goes to Amanda's home to explain the mix-up and fix her relationship with Harold.
While driving the tour bus, Harold sees Rich with a bouquet of flowers and realizes that he is on his way to see Amanda.
Harold races with Rich to get to Amanda's house first so he can finally explain why he lied about being a writer.
Harold arrives at Amanda's house and she tells him that his father already explained everything.
She also tells him that she loved the script, except for one thing.
She asks if he's ever been in love, because the hero in the movie doesn't respond like a man in love.
Then they kiss, serenaded by applause by customers on the tour bus.
Millionaire hotel mogul Ray Hunter (Dean Martin) flies to Rome to buy another property, the Regent.
He is picked up at the airport by lovely Maria Martelli (Eva Bartok), who works for the hotel's owner, the Countess Alzani.
Ray is reproached by the Countess for the impersonal way he buys up hotels this way, piling up "ten thousand bedrooms" and replacing employees without a second thought.
He sincerely promises not to do so with the staff of the Regent.
Maria is impressed and volunteers to be Ray's translator while in town.
He meets the Martelli family, including Papa Vittorio (Walter Slezak) and his other daughters.
Maria's youngest sister, 18-year-old Nina (Anna Maria Alberghetti), takes an almost immediate liking to Ray.
Maria's current romantic interest is Anton (Paul Henreid), a poor Polish count who fancies himself a sculptor.
Nina, meanwhile, tries to catch Ray's eye, while his private pilot Mike (Dewey Martin) is trying to catch hers.
Nina sees the sights with Ray and wants to marry him, so she asks her father for permission.
Papa Martelli forbids it, saying in this family all of the eldest daughters must be married before the youngest can.
Ray tries to speed up that process.
He sends for two eligible bachelors from America on the pretense of business.
They are quickly introduced to two other sisters of Maria and Nina.
But when he makes the mistake of buying Anton's artwork in order to make the poor count feel worthy of proposing to Maria, it backfires.
Maria is furious and Ray apologizes with a kiss.
Suddenly realizing he is involved with the wrong sister, Ray is in a fix.
At a party, Papa Martelli is rushed into saying Ray is engaged to daughter Nina, which upsets Mike so much that he decides to leave.
Ray hurriedly urges Mike to stay and fight for the girl he loves.
It takes some doing, but everything finally works out.
Ray finds a job for Anton that involves him traveling to Bombay for a long period of time.
Meanwhile, he persuades Maria that he's sincere, and next thing you know, Papa Martelli is planning four weddings.
While driving his Dual-Ghia from Las Vegas to Los Angeles, lecherous, heavy-drinking pop singer Dino (Dean Martin) is forced to detour through Climax, Nevada.
There he meets the amateur songwriting team of Barney Millsap (Cliff Osmond), a gas station attendant, and piano teacher Orville Spooner (Ray Walston), a man easily given to jealousy.
Hoping to interest Dino in their songs, Barney disables the "Italian" sports car and tells Dino he will need to remain in town until new parts arrive from Milan.
(Dual-Ghia was actually an American marque, mating a Dodge frame, drivetrain, and engine with Italian coachwork)  Orville invites Dino to stay with him and wife Zelda (Felicia Farr), but becomes concerned when he learns the singer needs to have sex every night to avoid awakening with a headache.
Anxious to accommodate Dino but safeguard his marriage, Orville provokes an argument with his wife that leads to Zelda fleeing in tears.
He and Barney then arrange for Polly the Pistol (Kim Novak), a waitress and prostitute at a saloon on the edge of town called the Belly Button, to pose as Orville's wife and satisfy Dino.
That evening after the three have dinner, Orville plays his tunes for Dino on the piano and Polly requests a particular song.
It is one she knows he wrote for his wife when trying to persuade her to marry him.
Doing so, Orville gets lost in emotion, as does Polly, who has fallen a little for the dream of a domestic life that she doesn't have.
Under the influence of wine and song, Orville starts thinking of Polly as his wife and tosses Dino out.
He then spends the night with Polly.
Dino seeks shelter at the Belly Button, where Zelda earlier had gone to drown her sorrows.
When she became drunk and rowdy, the manager deposited her in Polly's trailer to sleep.
Hearing about the talents of Polly the Pistol and declaring himself eager "to shoot it out with her," Dino goes to the trailer and finds Zelda there and mistakes her for Polly.
A longtime fan, she succumbs to Dino's charms and allows him to seduce her, persuading him how perfect Orville's song would be for him at the same time.
Zelda meets Polly the next morning and figures out the trick Orville played on her.
She gives Dino's money to Polly, who needs it to leave Climax and start a new life.
A few nights later, Orville is distraught knowing that Zelda intends to divorce him.
Suddenly he hears Dino singing one of his songs on coast-to-coast television.
He is at a total loss as to how this could have happened.
He wants an explanation, but Zelda simply orders him: "Kiss me, stupid".
The movie opens with an animated telling of Tomás Fuentes's (Eduardo Verástegui) life, in which he is always surrounded by women.
In his current life, he is a representative for the Olivero & Sanchez Marketing Group in Los Angeles and is busy travelling to visit all three of his girlfriends to give them each a gift.
Cici (Sofía Vergara), a cocktail waitress from Miami who enjoys being the center of attention; Patricia Sofia Ordonez Coronado del Pescador (Jaci Velasquez), a debutante of New York's high society who is tired of her mother's (María Conchita Alonso) endless attempts to marry her off; and Lorena Morales (Roselyn Sánchez), a lawyer from Chicago who loves how Tomas makes her feel sexy; have fallen for him and given him the affectionate nickname "Papi".
This love triangle of sorts affects Tomás's work life, causing him to pass out during a presentation.
His doctor learns of the love triangle, tells Tomás to choose only one woman, prescribes tranquilizers and advises against driving, alcohol and women.
By coincidence, all three of his girlfriends go to Los Angeles after hearing their horoscopes read by Walter Mercado, Univision's Primer Impacto fortune teller.
The three women arrive at his house while he is at the doctor's.
Instead of fighting each other, all three agree to leave and quit Tomas cold turkey as revenge for his cheating on them.
In their absence, Tomás arrives home and takes his tranquilizers with alcohol.
The girls each have second thoughts about leaving and return to confront Tomás directly.
First Lorena, then Patricia and finally Cici, causing Tomás to overdose on alcohol and tranquilizers and pass out again.
Mary (Joy Enriquez), Tomás' secretary, calls hoping he is doing better.
Outside Tomas' house, FBI agent Carmen Rivera (Lisa Vidal), is waiting.
She followed Cici to Los Angeles as part of an investigation.
Fala, Cici's business partner, had Cici do her boyfriend, Ricky, a favor by taking a car that he sold online to the buyer in Los Angeles.
Ricky is involved in the Whittaker counterfeit ring Agent Rivera is investigating.
The girls spot her while panicking about what to do with Tomas and think she is "theA.
woman" who just called, probably from a cell phone.
Scared by Agent Rivera's firearm, the girls decide to take Tomás out of the house and wait until he wakes up and decide which girl he wants to be with.
They load all their bags in Ricky's car and, after a short chase, they decide to stay at a Marriott hotel instead of a Motel 6.
Unfortunately, Patricia's credit cards have been canceled by her mother.
However, Lorena is their saving grace.
The Miss Latina American Beauty Pageant is being held in that very same hotel and Miss Puerto Rico's flight was delayed.
Lorena bears a resemblance to the real beauty contestant and takes her place.
Cici passes herself and Patricia off as her staff.
When moving their bags to Miss Puerto Rico's room, a bag falls off the cart onto the luggage room floor.
In the hotel room, all three girls have dinner, empty three bottles of champagne and share their life stories with each other.
They each then have a dream in which they end up with Tomás but feel bad about leaving the other two behind.
The next morning, Lorena has to meet the judges and Cici has to deliver Ricky's car to a man named Rodrigo (DL.
Hughley) who apparently bought it.
They leave Tomás but, in their absence, he's taken by Agent Rivera who has followed them to the hotel.
It turns out Rodrigo was not interested in the car but a bag that was supposed to be in the trunk.
Upon returning to the hotel with Rodrigo's associate, Victor (Freddy Rodriguez), the girls discover Tomás is missing and a note that reads, "If you want your Papi back, bring the money to the Don Quixote puppet atA.
Latin festival at 5 PM.
No cops".
Patricia knocks Victor out with a lamp and Cici calls Fala in Miami for answers about the car but doesn't get any.
All that is left is to do what the note says.
They are interrupted by Costas Delgado (Paul Rodriguez, uncredited), the director of the pageant, who has been looking for Lorena and needs her to meet with the judges immediately.
Patricia finds the extra bag filled with money in the luggage room and Cici gets a map to the festival.
Victor comes to, calls Rodrigo and they plan to catch the girls at the festival.
While Miss Mexico is being interviewed, Lorena unbuttons her blouse slightly to show off her cleavage and Costas helps her with her sash.
During Lorena's interview, Patricia and Cici arrive but so does the real Miss Puerto Rico (Nicole Scherzinger), who outs Lorena as an impostor.
Cici trips her, allowing all three to escape.
Outside, Tomás wakes up in Agent Rivera's car.
Agent Rivera tells him she intends to use him and the girls in order to detain Victor and Rodrigo.
They follow the girls to the festival as they leave in Ricky's car.
On the way, the girls' car breaks down completely.
They steal a Harley-Davidson motorcycle, which Patricia knows how to drive, promising the owner to bring it right back and lose both the map and Agent Rivera in another chase.
Upon arrival, the girls see the puppet is behind the stage.
Running through the crowd to avoid the cops, Patricia loses one of her colored contact lenses.
Since she looks "so much better without all that money", she simply takes the other one out.
Victor and Rodrigo spot them and the girls run on stage where Sheila is performing and dance to singer Christina Vidal's song, Dejaré, regardless of their mixed dance backgrounds.
Victor and Rodrigo get closer to the stage, causing the girls to run off mid-performance.
They all run to the puppet, where Carmen and other FBI agents surround them and apprehend Victor and Rodrigo.
Tomás is reunited with all three of his girlfriends.
He apologizes to them for his deception and is unable to choose between them.
The girls, however, have all found their inner strengths and choose to leave him instead.
Tomás decides to take Agent Carmen's advice and spend some time alone.
after taking her out for dinner.
Returning to the festival crowds, the girls are invited to return to the stage where they dance to Christina Vidal's song It's All About Nothing.
The movie's timeline advances five months later and the girls have kept in touch.
Patricia has moved into her own apartment with her dog Fifi and has gotten a job at an art gallery.
Cici is an entertainer on a cruise liner with her business partner Fala.
Lorena is still a lawyer working pro-bono but puts her time off to good use and becomes the self-proclaimed "Queen of Tango".
Fifi hears her horoscope that advises her to "go outside the door because love is waiting for [her]".
The movie ends with Fifi finding her "Puppy Chulo".
Geek Hlynur is approaching 30 years old, still lives with his mother who is divorced from his alcoholic father, downloads porn and wanders around Reykjavík half-heartedly searching for a job while spending lots of time in Kaffibarinn, the central Reykjavík bar (the bar is owned in real life by writer/director Baltasar Kormákur and his soundtrack composer Damon Albarn, a long-standing Icelandophile).
The cramped, dark and oddly furnished house in which Hlynur and his mother live features a bath which transfigures into a sofa as Hlynur steps naked out of it, in the middle of the lounge with his mother watching.
Hlynur's isolated world — no small metaphor for his home country — is going along rather blissfully ignorant of the greater joys involved with engaging in life until his mother's friend Lola Milagros arrives to stay at the house for a while.
Lola is a Spanish flamenco instructor with a seductive smile, a sultry voice and a carpe-diem attitude.
Unknown to Hlynur, she is also in love with his mother, Berglind.
An enigmatic character, Lola quickly becomes the center of the household dynamic when, after a night of heavy drinking while mom is away, she and Hlynur sleep together.
The fling remains a secret between Hlynur and Lola.
(Throughout the film, the song Lola often plays as background music) As Hlynur gradually learns of their lesbian relationship, he becomes jealous of it, realizing that he was simply a momentary fling for Lola, but he is also the dutiful son who wants to accept his mother's newfound lesbianism and be happy for her.
He also has occasional oedipal / incestuous dreams about his mother.
Lola wants Hlynur to get out of the house and find himself something to do because she recognizes from the start that that's what he needs most, but Hlynur prefers to pass the time in a true slacker fashion with plenty of excess and not an iota of effort.
He sees no real future for himself, rather an entire life supported by the Icelandic welfare state.
"It's a great system".
he says.
When asked what he does, Hlynur responds with, "Nothing".
Pushed further with, "What kind of nothing.
" he replies the only way he can: "A nothing kind of nothing".
Not even death is a serious topic for Hlynur — intoxicating, out-all-night weekends inspire, "Each weekend I drop dead".
He says this while lighting up a Lucky atop a snow-capped mountain, where he lies down as the snow gradually covers him up, but his plans are scuppered by rainfall melting his would-be tomb.
His mixed up thoughts include musings about suicide: "The worst thing about AIDS as a method of suicide is that it takes so long to die from it".
On the other hand, Hlynur's fantasy life is alive with passion and glimpses of his subconscious show us a deeply conflicted sense of self.
Flashbacks of an alcoholic father mix with sexual fantasies of the lovely Lola but quickly reveal that mom's in bed, too.
During a quick trip to the suburbs for a dinner with extended family, Hlynur, so comically disturbed by the mundane family ritual (they actually gather to watch a video of last year's family dinner), imagines a bloodbath scene killing everyone at close range with a shotgun.
When brought back to reality, Hlynur's blank slate and effortless personality come back into the fore: "I was thinking what a nice couch you have", he explains to the previously slaughtered family.
Hlynur's confusion over the whole situation is expressed in his rather profound and imaginative musings:   There they are.
my mother the lesbian, and my father the boozer.
What am I then.
The offspring of a lesbian and a boozer.
It's like two birds of different species.
The lesbian bird and the boozer bird.
The boozer is a wetland bird.
He's rather heavy.
and needs a good run-up to get off the ground.
He can fly for a long time and has good stamina.
Several weeks may pass by before he gets back on the ground.
In between he lies low and goes on the defensive.
Especially for the first days after landing.
The lesbian.
Unlike the boozer.
the lesbian is a relative newcomer to Icelandic nature.
She is thought to have migrated from Denmark and Britain.
Her only contact with the male bird is during conception.
In recent years we have witnessed cases of male birds.
who are unable to fly at all.
The offspring of a boozer and a lesbian is the Hlynur.
an unusually slow developer that can't fly.
and remains with his mother for the first 30 years.
The Hlynur is defensive by nature, but harmless.
The film progresses as Hlynur comes to terms with his mother's love for Lola and his own feelings of inadequacy with her.
The announcement that Lola is pregnant pushes him to the brink, making living under the same roof next to impossible for all three, but after a lot of acting out and flippant commentary Hlynur begins to see life little differently.
The infant's arrival also symbolically coincides neatly with Hlynur's homecoming to the world outside his bedroom and a newfound contentedness.
The strong possibility that he is the father of Lola's child has been a secret between Lola and Hlynur, and this is more than hinted at in the closing scenes of the happy household composed of mother, son, Lola, and Lola's baby who calls him Papa.
The film is essentially a two-part program.
The first half consists of a romantic comedy storyline involving an aerialist, played by Gene Kelly, who is drafted into the US Army but really wants to join the air force.
During training, he falls in love with Kathryn (played by Kathryn Grayson), the daughter of his commanding officer, who has similarly put her singing career on hold in order to serve by providing entertainment for the troops.
Unusually for this type of a film (and for this era of Hollywood), the character Kathryn has only recently met her father for the first time since she was a baby, her parents having divorced.
A related subplot has Kathryn conniving to get her parents (played by John Boles and Mary Astor) to reconcile.
During the first part of the film, Grayson sings several numbers and Kelly performs one of his most famous routines, dancing with a mop as a partner.
The secondary plot involves preparations for a major live show for the soldiers which will feature many MGM musical and comedy stars.
For the second half of the film, all pretenses of a storyline are effectively abandoned as the film instead becomes a variety showcase of comedy, song, and dance, with all of the performers (save Kelly and Grayson) appearing as themselves.
The show portion is hosted by Mickey Rooney.
In a Renaissance-era world, a beautiful young woman named Buttercup lives on a farm in the country of Florin.
She delights in verbally abusing the farm hand Westley, whom she addresses as "farm boy", by demanding that he perform chores for her.
Westley's response to her demands is always "As you wish".
She eventually realizes that what he is really saying is, "I love you".
After Buttercup realizes, as well, that she truly and strongly loves him and confesses her mutually strong romantic feelings, Westley leaves to seek his fortune, so they can marry.
Buttercup later receives word that the Dread Pirate Roberts, who is notorious for killing all those whose vessels he boards, attacked his ship at sea.
Believing Westley dead, Buttercup sinks into abject despair, declaring, "I will never love again".
Some time later, she reluctantly agrees to marry Prince Humperdinck, heir to the throne of Florin, due to a law allowing the prince to choose any unmarried woman as his bride, though she makes it clear that she does not love him.
Before the wedding, a trio of outlaws—the Sicilian criminal genius Vizzini, the Spanish fencing master Inigo Montoya, and the enormous and mighty Turkish wrestler Fezzik—kidnap Buttercup.
A masked man in black follows them across the sea and up the Cliffs of Insanity, whereupon Vizzini orders Inigo to stop him.
Before the man in black reaches the top of the cliff, a flashback of Inigo's past in the novel reveals that he is seeking revenge on a six-fingered man who killed his father.
When the man in black arrives, Inigo arranges a fair fight, allowing his opponent to rest before the duel.
The man in black wins the duel, but out of respect, he leaves the Spaniard alive.
Stunned, Vizzini orders Fezzik to kill the man in black.
Another flashback occurs detailing Fezzik's history of reluctant fighting matches since childhood.
His conscience compelling him, Fezzik throws a rock as a warning and challenges the man to a wrestling match.
The man in black accepts the challenge and chokes Fezzik until the giant blacks out.
He then catches up with Vizzini and proposes a battle of wits, guessing which cup of wine is poisoned with iocaine powder.
They drink, and the man in black reveals that both cups were poisoned, but he had previously cultivated an immunity to iocaine powder.
Vizzini dies.
With Prince Humperdinck's rescue party in hot pursuit, the man in black flees with Buttercup.
He taunts Buttercup, claiming that women cannot be trusted and that she must have felt nothing when her true love and sweetheart had died.
Enraged, she shoves him into a gorge, yelling, "You can die, too, for all I care.
", only to hear him call, "As you wish.
" from the bottom of the ravine.
She realizes he is none other than her dearly beloved Westley, and follows him down into the gorge, to find him battered but largely unhurt.
While traveling through the Fire Swamp to evade Humperdinck's party, Westley tells Buttercup that the Dread Pirate Roberts did attack his ship, but kept him alive after he explained the depths of his love for her.
Westley became the Dread Pirate Roberts' valet, and later his friend.
Over the course of four years, Westley learned how to fence, fight, and sail.
Eventually, Roberts secretly passed his name, captaincy, and ship to Westley, just as his predecessor had done.
After facing many trying ordeals such as Snow Sand and Rodents of Unusual Size, Westley and Buttercup successfully navigate the Fire Swamp, whereupon they are captured by Prince Humperdinck and his cruel six-fingered assistant, Count Tyrone Rugen.
Buttercup negotiates for Westley's release and returns with Humperdinck to the palace to await their wedding.
Rugen follows Humperdinck's secret instructions to not release Westley, but to take him to the fifth level of his underground hunting arena, the "Zoo of Death".
Here, Rugen gravely tortures and weakens Westley with his horribly painful life-sucking invention, The Machine, to obtain first-hand information for completing his definitive book on pain along with appeasing Humperdinck's annoyance that Buttercup does and always will prefer Westley to him.
Meanwhile, Buttercup has several nightmares regarding her marriage to the prince.
She expresses her unhappiness to Humperdinck, who proposes a deal wherein he will send out four ships to locate Westley, but if they fail to find him, Buttercup will marry him.
The novel reveals that, to start a war with the neighboring country of Guilder, Humperdinck himself had arranged Buttercup's kidnapping and murder, but that he now believes that Buttercup dying on her wedding night will inspire his subjects to war even more effectively.
On the day of the wedding, Inigo meets again with Fezzik, who tells him that Count Rugen is the six-fingered man who killed his father.
Knowing that Vizzini is dead, they seek out the man in black hoping that, if he could outsmart Vizzini, his wits will help them plan a successful attack on the castle to find and kill Count Rugen.
Buttercup learns that Humperdinck never sent any ships, and taunts him with her enduring love for Westley.
Enraged, Humperdinck tortures Westley to death via The Machine at its maximum setting.
Westley's death screams echo across the land, drawing Inigo and Fezzik to the Zoo of Death and down through its many dangerous levels.
Finding Westley's body, they enlist the help of the King of Florin's former "miracle man", a magician named Miracle Max who was fired by Humperdinck.
Max pronounces Westley to be merely "mostly dead", and returns him to life (out of a desire to get back at Humperdinck), though Westley remains partially paralyzed and weak.
Westley devises a successful plan to invade the castle during the wedding, and the commotion caused by this prompts Humperdinck to cut the wedding short.
Buttercup decides to commit suicide when she reaches the honeymoon suite.
Inigo pursues Rugen through the castle, and, reciting aloud his long-rehearsed oath of vengeance ("Hello.
My name is Inigo Montoya.
You killed my father.
Prepare to die".
) throughout the duel, kills him in a sword fight.
Westley reaches Buttercup before she commits suicide.
Still partially paralyzed, he bluffs his way out of a sword fight with Humperdinck, who shows himself to be a coward.
Instead of killing his rival, Westley decides to leave him alive for a long, miserable life with his obvious cowardice as his only companion.
The party then rides off into the sunset on four of the prince's purebred white horses which Fezzik had conveniently discovered.
The story ends with a series of mishaps and the prince's men closing in, but the author indicates that he believes that the group got away.
Tallulah Winters is a dancing star who is hired to perform on an ocean liner.
Before she leaves, she is recruited by what she believes is a branch of the American government and asked to smuggle a prototype explosive mine out of the country.
In fact, she is unknowingly working for Nazi agents who have stolen the mine.
Meanwhile, Merton Kibble (Red Skelton), a writer of pulp fiction adventure stories but suffering from severe writer's block, is on the same ship and soon he finds himself embroiled in Tallulah's real-life adventure.
Also appearing in the film were Bert Lahr, Tommy Dorsey, Buddy Rich, and Virginia O'Brien.
Michael Hamilton (Gable), a Philadelphia lawyer, travels to Naples, Italy only a few days before his planned wedding to settle the estate of his late brother, Joseph with Italian lawyer Vitalli (De Sica).
In the opening narration he states he "was here before with the 5th US Army" in World War II.
In Naples, Michael discovers that his brother had a son, nine-year-old Nando, who is being cared for by his maternal aunt Lucia (Loren), a cabaret singer.
Joseph never married Nando's mother but drowned with her in a boating accident.
Joseph's actual wife, whom he left in 1950, is alive in Philadelphia.
Michael discovers to his dismay that his brother spent a fortune on fireworks.
After seeing Nando handing out racy photos of Lucia at 2M, Michael wants to enroll Nando in the American School at Rome, but Lucia wins custody of the boy.
Despite the age difference, romance soon blossoms between Michael and Lucia, and he decides to stay in Italy.
This was the last film to be released within Gable's lifetime (his final film, The Misfits, was released posthumously) and his last film in color.
One of the highlights of the film is a tongue-in-cheek musical number by Loren called "Tu vuò fà l'americano" (You Want To Be Americano) written by famed Neapolitan composer Renato Carosone.
Filmed on location in Rome, Naples and Capri, It Started in Naples was nominated for an Academy Award for its art direction (Hal Pereira, Roland Anderson, Samuel Comer, Arrigo Breschi).
It was released to DVD in North America in 2005.
Jack (Richard Grant) and Sarah (Imogen Stubbs) are expecting a baby together, but a complication during the birth leads to the death of Sarah.
Jack, grief-stricken, goes on an alcoholic bender, leaving his daughter to be taken care of by his parents and Sarah's mother, until they decide to take drastic action: they return the baby to Jack whilst he is asleep, leaving him to take care of it.
Although he struggles initially, he eventually begins to dote on the child and names her Sarah.
Despite this, he nevertheless finds it increasingly difficult to juggle bringing up the baby with his high-powered job, and though both sets of the child's grandparents lend a hand (along with William (Ian McKellen), a dried out ex-alcoholic who, once sober, proves to be a remarkably efficient babysitter and housekeeper), he needs more help.
Amy (Samantha Mathis), an American waitress he meets in a restaurant who takes a shine to Sarah, takes up the role as nanny, moving in with Jack after one meeting.
Although clashing with William and the grandparents, especially Jack's mother, Margaret (Judi Dench), Jack and Amy gradually grow closer—but Jack's boss has also taken an interest in him.
Fast-talking Jimmy Bates (Lee Tracy) takes over as publicity agent for a struggling carnival owned by Colonel Munday.
His latest scheme to bring in customers involves promising to reveal the identity of the father (allegedly one of the local town's residents) of his hot-tempered girlfriend, "hootch dancer" Teresita (Lupe Vélez), at that night's performance.
However, when the local sheriff learns that it is all a con, Bates, his friend Achilles and Teresita have to flee.
They head to New York City.
Bates has always bragged about his close friendship with powerful theater impresario Merle Farrell.
Bates promises to make Teresita a star, but it soon becomes clear that Farrell has never heard of him.
Undaunted, Bates promotes Teresita as "Princess Exotica", an escapee from a Turkish harem, complete with a eunuch servant (Achilles) and a lion.
Bates informs the reporters that she will be starring in Farrell's show.
At first, Farrell is outraged, but when he hears about the sharp increase in ticket sales, he signs Teresita to a contract.
Farrell insists, however, that she perform a slow Middle Eastern-style dance, which bores the audience.
Bates rushes onstage and has her drop her pretense and sing a modern song.
This proves to be a hit, and Teresita becomes a star, while Bates becomes Farrell's new publicity manager.
However, while Bates is away on a business trip, she starts seeing the married Farrell.
When Bates finds out, he quits and promises to make the first girl he sees into a bigger sensation to eclipse his treacherous girlfriend.
That turns out to be blond hotel maid Gladys (Shirley Chambers), whom Achilles is trying to romance.
Bates has Gladys pretend to be "Eve", the leader of a group of nudists.
He blackmails Farrell (with a compromising photograph of him and Teresita) into signing Eve to his show.
Meanwhile, the public has started to tire of Teresita.
Achilles decides to return to the carnival life, and purchases Colonel Munday's business.
Bates calls him a fool, but after a while, he too becomes dissatisfied with New York and goes to see his friend.
There, he finds Teresita singing as one of the carnival's attractions.
Taylor (Alyson Michalka) and Courtney Callum (Amanda Michalka) are two thoroughly spoiled yet well-intentioned sisters whose widower father, Reed Callum (Jack Coleman), owns Callum Dairy.
Taylor has just gotten her license, after almost failing the test at the beginning of the movie.
They leave the house to depart for a shopping trip, but leave a towel on the stove, starting a house fire.
Shocked by their carelessness, and deciding the girls should start making their own cash, Reed puts them to work at the dairy to teach them responsibility.
He goes out of town, looking for a rare butterfly to add to his collection.
This leaves the girls to look after the dairy.
When the girls start working at the dairy, it quickly becomes their worst nightmare.
They mess up almost every step of the way, such as tripping and splashing blueberries on themselves, and then dropping Courtney's cell phone into one of the full yogurt cups.
All the employees think they are stuck-up and don't believe that they can do their job.
Soon after they start working there and doing their jobs better, someone steals all the money out of the businesses' bank account.
It is then up to the girls to come up with a plan to save the dairy, and the jobs of those who are working, but no one believes in them.
Taylor has changed her nature and asks Courtney if she can use her party money to pay for the employees' paychecks, or else they will leave Callum Dairy.
Taylor and Courtney are at a meeting with the other employees when Taylor tricks Courtney into leaving to get her cell phone, she says that she will get the money, but still no one believes her.
Without consulting Courtney, Taylor uses her party money for the employees, thus causing a very big fight between the two of them.
Courtney ignores Taylor in every possible way.
They have a fight at work when Courtney is putting in the numbers for the expiration dates.
Even though they have the money to pay the employees' paychecks, money still goes missing, but they have worse problems.
The milk is going bad.
Reed comes along with volunteers as they manage to pull through the evening.
It is revealed that his business partner and best friend is the thief, but he gets away with the money.
After checking his finances, Reed determines that the dairy will survive, but that money will be tight.
As a result, the girls voluntarily go to work with him even when he gives them the day off to help out.
Waitress-turned-Broadway star Mabel O'Dare (Marion Davies) and garage-mechanic-turned-prize fighter Larry Cain (Clark Gable) dislike each other intensely, but press agent Aloysius Reilly (Roscoe Karns) cooks up a phony romance between them for publicity.
Inevitably, the two fall in love for real, and plan on getting married, with Mabel quitting show business to be a housewife and Cain quitting the fight racket to run garages in New Jersey.
When their entourages get wind of their plan, they plant the story in the newspapers, and each thinks the other one betrayed their secret - until Mabel's aunt (Ruth Donnelly) tells Mabel the truth.
Mabel abandons her show and rushes to Philadelphia where Cain is fighting.
Having been told by his manager that Mabel is going to marry crooner Ronny Caudwell (Robert Paige), an enraged Cain is waging an all-out fight against his opponent, until he hears Mabel's voice and is knocked down.
Reilly confesses to Cain that he was the one who leaked the story, and Cain's second, DoDo (Allen Jenkins) accidentally throws a towel into the ring, making Cain the loser by a technical knockout.
But since Mabel has bet on the other boxer, the newly reunited couple will have a tidy nest egg to start their new life together.
A young, struggling British filmmaker Sue McKinley (Alice Patten) comes across the diary of her grandfather, mr McKinley (Steven Mackintosh), who served as a jailer in the Imperial Police during the Indian independence movement.
Through the diary, she learns about the story of five freedom fighters who were active in the movement: Chandrasekhar Azad, Bhagat Singh, Shivaram Rajguru, Ashfaqulla Khan, and Ram Prasad Bismil.
McKinley, in his diary, states that he had met two type of people in his life, those who died without uttering a sound and those who died with lots of anguish, crying over their deaths.
McKinley reveals that it was then that he met with the third kind&nbsp;— those who die with a smile on their face.
Having decided to make a self-financed documentary film about these revolutionaries, Sue travels to India, with the help of her friend, Sonia (Soha Ali Khan), from the Institute for International Studies at the University of Delhi.
After a few unsuccessful auditions in search of the actors, Sue finally casts Sonia's friends, four young men&nbsp;– Daljit "DJ" Singh (Aamir Khan), Karan Singhania (Siddharth Narayan), Aslam Khan (Kunal Kapoor) and Sukhi Ram (Sharman Joshi)&nbsp;— to portray the revolutionaries.
Though they aren't very enthusiastic at the idea of acting in a film about the independence movement, Sue eventually manages to convince them.
Laxman Pandey (Atul Kulkarni), a right-wing political party activist, joins the cast later, despite initially being unpopular due to his anti-Western ideology, due to which he is often at odds with the other four, and anti-Muslim beliefs and contempt for Aslam Khan.
In the process of filming, the idealism of India's revolutionary heroes seeps into the protagonists.
They gradually begin to realize that their own lives are quite similar to the characters they portray in Sue's film and that the state of affairs that once plagued the revolutionaries continues to torment their generation.
Meanwhile, Ajay Singh Rathod (R.
Madhavan), a flight lieutenant in the Indian Air Force who is Sonia's fiancé, is killed when his jet, a MiG-21, crashes.
The government proclaims that the crash was caused by pilot error and closes the investigation.
Knowing that Rathod was an ace pilot, Sonia and her friends do not accept the official explanation.
Instead, they claim that he sacrificed his life to save hundreds of other lives that would have been lost had he ejected from the aircraft and left it to crash into a populous city.
They investigate and learn that the crash was due to a corrupt defence minister Shastri (Mohan Agashe), who had signed a contract exchanging cheap and illegal MiG-21 aircraft spare parts for a personal favour.
To their surprise, they learn that the key person who was responsible for organizing the deal was Karan's father, Rajnath Singhania (Anupam Kher).
Angered by the situation, the group and their supporters decide to protest peacefully at India Gate, a war memorial in New Delhi.
Police forcefully break up their protest using batons; in the process, Rathod's mother (Waheeda Rehman) is severely injured and slips into a coma.
DJ, Karan, Aslam, Sukhi, and Laxman decide that they must emulate the early freedom fighters and resort to violence to achieve justice.
As a result, they kill the defence minister to avenge Rathod's death, while Karan murders his father for his corrupt actions.
The minister is reported to have been killed by terrorists and is hailed as a martyr by the media.
To bring forth their intentions behind the killings, the five of them attempt to reach the public through a radio station.
They forcibly take over the All India Radio station premises after having evacuated its employees.
Karan goes on air and reveals the truth about the defence minister and his wrongdoings.
While still on the air, the police proclaim that they are dangerous terrorists who have forcefully taken over the AIR, and therefore they are to be shot on sight.
The first to be shot is Daljit, who tries to get out of cover and establish that they are not terrorists.
Sukhi, unable to control his anger, shows himself and is instantly shot.
As they are trying to lock the terrace doors, Aslam and Pandey are then killed by a grenade and the once archenemies die holding hands and smiling, as they have visions of Ram Prasad Bismil and Ashfaqullah Khan.
Daljit manages to crawl to the recording room, where Karan is still on air.
When Karan understands that he has been shot, they speak amongst themselves for the last time, regarding the others, about Sue and about Daljit's love for her.
They are then killed by police commandos while laughing.
It is then revealed that McKinley described the third kind of people he came across as being the ones who embraced death as a friend and an equal, with a heartfelt laughter.
After their death, the public reacts with outrage and expresses urge to bring Indian politics to justice, following the motives of all the boys.
The film comes to an end with Sue describing the impact of the boys on her life.
As she and Sonia watch from the rooftop that Ajay proposed to her on, they have a vision of the boys running in the fields, singing happily and victoriously throwing their shirts in the air, acting as if they are celebrating life itself, as if the ebb of their once-there vitality still reverberates in the places where they once used to go, and a wave of melancholy comes over the two surviving women.
In an afterlife-like state, the boys watch as a father tells his son (a young Bhagat Singh) about gardening.
They watch over him with smiling faces, then depart as friends for eternity.
Tom Logan (Robert Redford) is an Assistant District Attorney in the New York City District Attorney's Office, who is on his way to becoming the new District Attorney.
Into his life enters Laura Kelly (Debra Winger), an attorney who is representing Chelsea Deardon (Daryl Hannah).
Chelsea is accused of stealing a painting from millionaire mr Forrester (John McMartin).
However, Chelsea claims that the painting is actually hers, as her father made it for her and signed it to her on her 8th birthday 18 years ago – the same day that her father and most of his paintings went up in smoke in a mysterious fire.
Kelly eventually manages to talk Logan into helping them (after she creates an impromptu press conference at the dinner where Logan is being introduced as the new candidate for District Attorney).
However, things turn even more mysterious when Forrester suddenly drops all charges against Chelsea since he has swapped the painting for a Picasso with museum curator Victor Taft (Terence Stamp), Kelly and Logan find out about this after they go to Forrester's house to ask him about the alleged crime.
That night police detective Cavanaugh (Brian Dennehy) comes up with proof that the paintings that supposedly were lost in the fire—which were worth millions in insurance—are still in existence and that Chelsea's father was murdered and the murder was covered up, something which he claims put a strain on his career since it was his investigation.
Chelsea also continues coming on to Logan, coming to his apartment being fearful of someone following her.
When Logan goes to investigate, he is shot at but the shooter misses and escapes.
Logan agrees to continue trying to protect Chelsea while Kelly and him continue her investigation into the paintings.
After an attempt by Taft to blow up a warehouse with incriminating information—which almost blows Logan and Kelly up as well—Logan and Kelly find evidence of a massive insurance fraud between Taft, Deardon and Joe Brock, a third man who was sent to prison.
Chelsea goes to Taft's apartment with a gun, with the intent to threaten him and obtain information.
What happens then is not seen but Chelsea goes back to Logan's apartment after being there.
She tells him what she had done, claims that Taft managed to get the gun from her and hit her and she is now afraid of the repercussions.
Logan's daughter from his ex-wife, Jennifer (Jennifer Dundas), is there and does not take kindly to her which leads her to worsen Logan's ex-wife's view on what is actually happening when she comes to take their daughter to her home and finds Chelsea in Logan's apartment.
After they are alone Logan makes Chelsea a bed for her to sleep on her own but during the night Chelsea goes into Logan's bed and he fails to resist, they sleep together.
Next morning police bust into Logan's room waking both up and arresting Chelsea for Taft's murder.
Logan's career as an Assistant District Attorney is finished.
Logan reluctantly teams up with Kelly, which is also encouraged by Logan's daughter who thinks the two make a good couple.
Realizing that a sculpture Taft claimed to them was priceless but told Chelsea was worthless, Logan goes to find Cavanaugh while Kelly and Chelsea go to an exposition in honor of Taft to find the sculpture.
Before they can make it far an assassin tries to run them over with a car, saving Kelly the lawyers split ways long enough for Logan to go on his way pursuing the assassin who fights back but fails to kill Logan since he is hit by a taxi, taking this opportunity Logan steals the man's wallet with information he had taken from them through a bug while Kelly comes to his rescue in Logan's car that she barely manages to drive there since she does not know how to drive.
They split again with Logan going to the police department to find Cavanaugh and have him bring the police force while Kelly and Chelsea go to Taft's museum where the exposition in his honor is being held.
There, the person they thought was Cavanaugh reveals himself as Joe Brock, Logan finds out on his own since the real Cavanaugh is a different man, a cop that wasn't aware that someone had been using his identity.
Logan, having realized that Cavanaugh was not who he thought he was, races to the gallery.
Brock forces Kelly and Chelsea to break open the hollow sculpture, grabs the painting inside and cuffs Chelsea to a table while struggling with Kelly, eventually leaving her unconscious.
He then sets fire to another part of the gallery, forcing an evacuation as a way to leave with the painting and without anyone noticing.
Logan arrives and interrupts Brock's escape, Logan and Brock fight, with Brock eventually falling to his death.
Logan finds Kelly and Chelsea, grabs the painting and the three escape from the burning gallery, where Chelsea tearfully reveals the signature "To Chelsea" on the back of the painting.
After all charges against Chelsea are dropped, Logan's former boss offers to take him back, based on Logan's publicity.
Logan, however, decides to stay with Kelly, and the two set up an office together.
The film starts in 1963, with liberal-minded Lydia, and her 14-year-old son Sam.
Lydia's father is running for governor of North Carolina, and he does not want Lydia and Sam in his way, so the two are banished from North Carolina.
Arriving in Wyoming, Lydia only wants to have a good time and Sam is never allowed to call her "Mom" (she wants him to call her "Lydia").
Sam soon finds out that he is one of only two students in Gro Vont High School who can read.
The other one is Maurey, a girl at the same age as Sam who wants to learn about sex.
Consequent to their mutual discoveries, Maurey becomes pregnant.
Maurey decides to have an abortion in a distant hospital, and by accident, runs into her mother and the baseball coach who is also there with the same intent.
Maurey moves to Lydia's and Sam's house, since her father banishes her from his house.
Meanwhile, Hank Elkrunner, a Blackfoot, falls for the feckless Lydia, while her dictatorial dad keeps tabs on them all from afar.
In the end, Maurey decides not to have an abortion and keeps the baby, a little girl named Shannon.
After being threatened to be financially cut off unless she breaks up with Hank, and lets Sam go to Military School, Lydia decides to stay with Hank, and takes a job at the local diner.
In addition, Hank sells his trailer and moves in with Sam and Lydia, along with Maurey and Shannon who decide to permanently move in.
The film ends with Sam finishing the flashback for the story, with Shannon nearby.
Throughout the movie, Sam has many dream fantasies which star Drew Barrymore as the subject of his fantasies.
The story centers around four gay friends who have recently graduated from San Torum High School.
Andy (Michael Carbonaro) is an awkward, sex-crazed character who frequently masturbates with his mother's fruits and vegetables.
Jarod (Jonathan Chase) is a handsome and fit jock who is quite insecure.
Griff (Mitch Morris) is a nerdy, well-dressed guy who is secretly in love with Jarod.
Nico (Jonah Blechman) is the most flamboyant, outgoing, and effeminate of the group.
The four of them decide to make a pact to have sex by the end of the summer.
Each boy proceeds to pursue sex in different ways, with both tragic and comedic results.
Nico tries to secure an online date with a man named Ryder (Matthew Rush), but ends up with the grandfather (George Marcy) of their lesbian friend Muffler.
Jarod seeks out fellow jocks, including a baseball pitcher named Beau (James Getzlaff), while Griff tries to earn the affection of Angel (Darryl Stephens), a male stripper; Jarod and Griff leave these men to have sex with each other instead, because they are in love.
Andy, having failed to seduce his long-time crush, his math teacher, mr Puckov (Graham Norton), has a threesome with the rejected Beau and Angel.
Much of the humor comes from how awkward each boy is at romance and how naive they are about sex.
Each plot backfires horribly, until the boys finally begin to change their attitudes towards sex at the end of the film.
Rebecca Warner moves from her small farm town in South Dakota to attend college in Los Angeles at California State University, Northridge.
On her first day, she and her parents Walter and Connie meet Crawl; the resident advisor of Becca's coed dormitory.
After they leave, the clash of cultures drives Becca into seriously considering returning home, but Crawl advises her to give it a chance and she soon begins to acclimate; cutting and dyeing her hair, dressing in a more Californian manner, and even getting a tattoo of a butterfly on her ankle.
When Thanksgiving break approaches, Becca realizes that Crawl has nowhere to go, and she invites him to visit her family.
Shocked by her changes, the Warners and Becca's boyfriend Travis try to take it in stride and decide to put up with Crawl, who had gotten off on the wrong foot with Walter, Becca's father, when he dropped her off at college.
At dinner, Becca realizes that Travis wants to propose marriage to her and she urges Crawl to speak.
Unable to come up with anything off the cuff, Crawl tells them that he has already proposed and she had accepted.
This upsets Becca's family who develops a disdain for Crawl, and Travis who becomes so jealous he punches Crawl in the face.
Now acting as a future son-in-law, Crawl expresses an interest in farming, much to the amusement of Walter and his farmhand Theo, who send him through the pratfalls and tribulations of farming as he is tasked with daily chores.
Crawl rebounds though, and begins to prove himself an avid farmer, quickly learning how to perform each task he's given.
He also begins to endear himself to the rest of the family; he impresses Becca's little brother Zack with his computer skills, and Zack begins to see him as a big brother.
He compliments Connie's appearance and helps to bring her out of her shell for Walter.
And when Walter's father Walter Sr.
has heart problems, Crawl tries to help by performing CPR.
Walter Senior quickly recovers when he see Crawl atop him, but Walter Junior says Crawl has earned his trust for aiding his father.
While shopping for clothes, Crawl meets Tracy; a friend of Becca's from school.
Travis apologizes to Crawl for hitting him and says he is the better man for Rebecca, inviting Crawl to a bachelor party he has Tracy come and dance for Crawl and the next morning, Becca finds the two of them waking up in the barn.
Rebecca furiously calls off the wedding, but Crawl and Tracy can't defend themselves as they cannot remember the night before.
Crawl leaves to head back toA.
while Travis--who had been seeing Tracy on the side--berates her on her behavior the night before.
When she gets in her car though, she finds the seat suspiciously left all the way back and discovers a bottle of pills under it.
Picking up Crawl attempting to hitchhike, they return to the house and confront Travis and Theo while the Warners are sitting down to Thanksgiving dinner.
Hoping to get out of trouble, Theo confesses that they drugged them and he set them up in the barn.
Walter immediately fires Theo.
Becca stands up to Travis, who is immediately knocked down by Crawl who reveals he majored in karate for two semesters at school.
After kicking Travis and Theo out, Tracy is invited to sit with the Warners while Walter offers his son-in-law a chance to cut the turkey.
Becca tries to interject the truth about Crawl's proposal, but he stops her, saying they hadn't yet decided on a wedding date and they want to wait a little bit before making the decision; hinting he intends to legitimately propose to Rebecca, and having a proper relationship the Warners will respect.
Ben Holmes (Affleck) is a "blurb" writer responsible for writing the short introductions on the sleeves of hardcover books.
On his way from his home in New York City to Savannah, Georgia for his wedding to Bridget (Maura Tierney), he's already anxious about flying.
His nerves are worsened when he's seated next to Sarah (Bullock), a free-spirited drifter who begins to talk to Ben immediately.
On takeoff, a bird flies into one of the engines, causing a flameout.
Now completely afraid to fly, Ben reluctantly agrees to travel with Sarah, who also needs to get to Savannah within a few days.
During the course of their trip, luck seems to want to prevent them from getting to their destination — from being on the wrong car of a train to getting caught in various thunderstorms.
However, Ben is impressed by Sarah's fun-loving personality, and starts to form a close bond with her.
As they get nearer to their destination, Ben starts to wonder if he's making the right choice in getting married to Bridget, or if he should just let fate pair him with Sarah, who reveals that she is separated from her son who lives in Savannah.
Upon arrival, Ben and Bridget still agree to get married since they realize even after everything that has happened, they truly love each other.
Sarah witnesses the reconciliation and sneaks away to go find her son and move on with her life.
Peggy Martin (Parker), the daughter of a rich American businessman (Eugene Pallette), persuades him to purchase a Scottish castle from Donald Glourie (Robert Donat), dismantle it and move it to Florida.
Along with the castle goes its ghost.
Murdoch Glourie (also played by Donat) haunts the castle after dying a coward’s death in the 18th century.
To find rest, he must get a descendant of the enemy Clan MacClaggan to admit that one Glourie is worth fifty MacClaggans.
The film begins with media attention surrounding Casey Brodsky's (Drew Barrymore) decision to divorce her parents and have her nanny, Maria Hernandez (Hortensia Colorado), appointed as Casey's legal guardian, which results in her parents, Albert (Ryan O'Neal) and Lucy (Shelley Long) Brodsky, both being brought out of their respective self-absorbed lives and made to testify in court about their personal lives.
Much of the film is presented as flashbacks.
At a truck stop in Indiana on the night of January 20th, 1973, film professor Albert Brodsky is hitchhiking across the country, where he gets picked up by Lucy van Patten, a woman who has ambitions of writing books, particularly for children, but her fiancé "Bink," a gruff Navy man, represses her, and she is depressed about being relegated to the life of a military wife.
Through getting to know Albert, Lucy loosens her inhibitions, breaks off her engagement to Bink, and marries Albert shortly afterwards.
The couple moves to California, where Albert attaches himself to a famed Hollywood producer, who entrusts him to film a romantic script the producer has kept shelved for a long time.
When Albert suffers from writer's block about the romance, Lucy aids him with her writing skills.
The film becomes a box office hit and garners him an Academy Award nomination for Best Director , but cracks are forming in Albert and Lucy's marriage, particularly since Albert was slow to credit Lucy for the screenplay and he is frequently traveling to places such as Cannes, France, while leaving his daughter in the care of Lucy, or more often Maria, their maid.
When Albert sees a young woman named Blake Chandler (Sharon Stone) working at a hot dog stand, he takes her home and casts her in his next movie, which becomes a moderate success.
When Lucy sees signs that Albert is interested in Blake for more than just acting, she divorces him, further troubling Casey.
Albert ensures that Lucy gets custody of Casey, while he lives in a Hollywood mansion with Blake.
A turning point occurs when Lucy, angered both at Albert's procrastination in paying child support and at the sight of a sloppy, overweight woman in a supermarket buying the same comfort food as she is, hurries home and channels her anger into writing a tell-all novel.
Meanwhile, Albert's producers are warning him not to attempt his musical remake of Gone with the Wind, which he is calling Atlanta.
But Albert ignores their advice, and his budget for the picture skyrockets, mainly because of his own perfectionist attitude and Blake's diva-like behavior on set.
Atlanta becomes an embarrassing box office bomb, costing Albert any assignments in Hollywood and causing Blake to desert him.
Meanwhile, Lucy's novel becomes a runaway success, allowing her to buy and move into Albert's former mansion, and she begins to morph into a diva.
There is a final confrontation in which Albert and Lucy quarrel in front of Casey about her custody, which degenerates into a literal tug of war with each parent pulling on one of Casey's arms, ignoring her pained protests.
That is the final straw for Casey, who then decides to divorce both her parents.
The film then returns to the courtroom, where Casey gives testimony that just because two parents no longer love each other, that does not give them the right to ignore their children.
Both Albert and Lucy break down in tears.
Maria is given legal custody of Casey.
The film ends months later With Casey still living with Maria and her family.
Albert seems to be doing better now getting modest but regular work directing TV commercials and sitcoms and is being considered to direct a B movie and Lucy has returned to her more down to earth personality.
Both Lucy and Albert arriving at Maria's house for visitation with Casey at the same time by mistake, and all deciding to go out to eat together at a family restaurant, suggesting there is now a more peaceful, though decidedly bittersweet, relationship among the three.
In this wisecracking comedy, Dan Dolan (Spencer Tracy) is a cop whose beat is the New York waterfront.
Dan has a soft spot for Helen Riley (Joan Bennett), a sharp-tongued waitress at a cheap diner, while her scatter-brained sister Kate (Marion Burns) is in love with Duke Castage (George Walsh), a sleazy low-level mobster.
While Duke makes a play for Kate, both Helen and Dan know that he's bad news, and Dan wants to put Duke behind bars before he can break Kate's heart.
Me and My Gal was directed by Raoul Walsh, one of the great craftsmen of the studio system—and also the brother of George Walsh, who plays the villain.
In the film, George Lucas is a USC college student in 1967, and he's suffering from writer's block as he tries to write a movie about a young space farmer with a bad crop of "space wheat".
Everywhere he goes, viewers see classmates and teachers that either resemble, or will influence the creation of, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Darth Vader, Han Solo, Chewbacca, Jabba the Hutt, R2-D2, and C-3PO.
Lucas is surrounded by inspiration, but he sees nothing.
Not even his advisor, who looks and speaks suspiciously like Yoda, is able to help him.
Eventually, young Lucas meets his muse, a young woman (with a very unusual hairdo) named Marion who is "kind of leading a student rebellion".
After they meet, everything falls into place for Lucas, as she urges him to "write what you know".
His writer's block dissipates and he quickly finishes his masterpiece.
However, his shot at romance with the girl is blown when he discovers she's his sister.
In a post-credits scene, Lucas gets a new idea when his neighbor introduces Lucas to his new pet, a duck named Howard.
In this sequel to Father of the Bride, newly married Kay Dunstan (Elizabeth Taylor) announces that she and her husband are going to have a baby, leaving her father, Stanley Banks (Spencer Tracy), having to come to grips with becoming a grandfather.
Middle-class family man Stanley Banks reminisces on events of the past year: One afternoon, returning from the office feeling happy and energetic, Stanley's routine is interrupted when his wife Ellie (Joan Bennett) tells him that they are having dinner with their daughter Kay and her husband, Buckley Dunstan (Don Taylor), to hear some important news.
Although Stanley is certain that it concerns Buckley's business, the newlyweds reveal that Kay is expecting a baby.
Buckley's parents, Doris (Billie Burke) and Herbert (Moroni Olsen), are delighted, as is Ellie, but Stanley broods that he is too young and vibrant to be a grandfather.
Soon Ellie, flush with excitement, throws Kay a baby shower, something Stanley thinks is highway robbery not punishable by law.
Later, Ellie suggests that they remodel their house to enable Kay, Buckley, and the baby to move in with them, but Stanley puts his foot down.
Ellie is near tears when the wealthy Dunstons announce that they are planning to add a wing to their home for the couple, but is overjoyed when Kay and Buckley reveal that they have just bought their own little house, enabling Ellie to have free rein helping Kay decorate.
After settling into their new home, Kay, who is very close to her father, expresses her concern that the baby will make a difference in her relationship with Buckley.
Stanley comforts her by telling her how much he loved her as a baby.
Soon the Banks and the Dunstans are trying to outdo one another buying gifts and making plans for the baby, up to his enrollment in college.
One night, while listening to Ellie, Doris, and Herbert bicker over what the baby should be named, Kay breaks down and runs to her room.
Only Stanley, whom Kay feels is the sole parent who understands her is able to comfort her.
The day after pledging to Kay that he will make certain that none of the in-laws will interfere again, Stanley drags Ellie to Kay's physician, dr Andrew Nordell, anxious over the "modern" ideas Nordell has about a more natural method of childbirth and infant care.
For the next month or so, things remain calm, until Stanley is awakened by a late night call from Buckley, who says that Kay has left him "for good".
After sneaking over to Buckley and Kay's place, Stanley learns from a cab driver that Kay took a taxi to his house.
The two men then return to the Banks' house, where the couple make up after Kay's jealousy is revealed to be a misunderstanding stemming from Buckley's late nights working at the office.
Kay, as well as Stanley, realize Buckley's devotion to his family.
As the baby's birth approaches, nerves among the parents and grandparents become frayed.
The eventual birth of a baby boy delights everyone, except Stanley, a distant and wary observer of the as-yet-unnamed baby, who starts to cry whenever Stanley comes near him.
When the baby is six months old, Kay joins Buckley on a brief business trip and leaves the baby with her parents, hoping to give Stanley time to grow closer to his grandson.
One afternoon, while Kay is still away, Stanley takes the baby for a walk in the park.
When the baby finally falls asleep in his carriage, Stanley joins some friendly neighborhood boys in a game of football and loses track of time.
After the game, when Stanley cannot find the carriage, he frantically retraces his steps back to the house.
Seeing through the window that Kay has returned early, he panics and takes a taxi to the local police station.
There a befuddled Stanley confesses to the grim-faced police sergeant that he has lost the baby.
Fearing the wrath of the police squad, who found the sweet-natured baby and have fallen in love with him, Stanley secretly prays that his grandson will not start to scream when he picks him up.
To Stanley's relief, the baby is delighted to see him, and from that moment on, the two are devoted to each other.
Some time later, at the baby's christening, Stanley beams with pride as his grandson is finally named "Stanley Banks Dunstan".
In the prologue, a young Max Skinner, whose parents have died in an accident, spends his childhood summer holidays learning to appreciate the finer things in life at his Uncle Henry's vineyard estate in Provence in south-eastern France.
Some 25 years later, Max is an unethical yet very successful hard-working London-based bond trader with a sense of humour.
Following his uncle's death, Max is the sole beneficiary of the French property.
He travels to Provence to prepare a quick sale.
Shortly after arriving he almost knocks a local café owner, Fanny Chenal, off her bicycle as a result of his careless driving.
Subsequently, he discovers that his latest City financial stunt has caused real trouble for the owners of the trading company he works for, and the CEO orders him to return to London as soon as possible.
To assist in his planned sale of the property, Max hurriedly snaps some photos and in the process falls into an empty swimming pool.
He is unable to escape until Fanny Chenal, driving by and spotting his rental car, appears and turns on the water supply in retaliation.
This delay causes Max to miss his flight and, having failed to report to the directors in person, he is suspended from work and trading activities for one week.
On Henry's estate, Max must deal with a gruff, dedicated winemaker, Francis Duflot, who fears being separated from his precious vines.
Duflot pays a vineyard inspector to tell Max that the soil is bad and the vines worthless.
In the meantime, they are surprised by the unexpected arrival of young Napa Valley oenophile Christie Roberts, who is backpacking through Europe and claims to be Henry's previously unknown illegitimate daughter.
Like Max, Christie finds the house wine unpalatable but is impressed by Max's casual offering of the boutique Le Coin Perdu ("the lost corner") vintage, noting some intriguing characteristics.
Max is concerned that she might lay claim to the estate and brusquely interrogates her during dinner at the Duflot house.
Max gets updates on office politics from his assistant Gemma, who warns him of the ambitious antics of other employees.
To ensure he is not usurped by Kenny, his second-in-command in London, through whom Max continues to direct trades, Max intentionally gives the ambitious young trader bad advice, getting Kenny fired.
Max becomes enamoured with the beautiful, feisty café owner Fanny, who is rumoured to have sworn off men.
He successfully woos Fanny into his bed, where she leaves him the next morning, expecting him to return to his life in London.
A disillusioned Christie also decides to move on.
Max finds his uncle's memoirs, which contain proof of Christie's heritage.
However, he bids her farewell while handing her an unexplained note inside a book she was reading.
While informing Duflot of the pending estate sale, Max learns that the mysterious expensive Le Coin Perdu was made by Henry and Duflot with "illegal vines" from the estate, bypassing wine classification and appellation laws.
The estate is sold and Max returns to London where Sir Nigel, the company chairman, offers him a choice: "Money or your life" - either a discharge settlement, which includes "a lot of zeros," or the partnership in the trading firm, where he would then be "made for life".
Max asks about Nigel's art in the conference room, which Fanny has a copy of in her restaurant.
Upon Nigel's dismissive comment that the real one is kept in a vault and the $200,000 copy in the office is for show, Max reconsiders if he wants to still be like Nigel.
Max invalidates the estate's sale with the farewell letter he gave to Christie, which he forged, along with real photos confirming Christie as Henry's daughter with a valid claim to the estate  (as a child Max signed cheques for his uncle, and is able to replicate his handwriting and signature).
He puts his London residence up for sale and returns to Provence, entering into a relationship with Fanny.
Christie also returns and she and Francis jointly run the vineyard while trying to reconcile their vastly different philosophies of wine production.
Meanwhile, Max is now able to focus his entire attention on Fanny.
Ted Scott (John Payne) is a band pianist whose publicity manager decides that, for good press, the band should adopt a foreign refugee.
The band goes to Ellis Island to meet the girl and soon discovers that the refugee isn't a 10-year-old child, but a young woman, Karen Benson (Sonja Henie).
The surprise comes right before the band is to travel to Sun Valley, Idaho for a Christmas gig.
While on the ski slopes Ted soon falls for Karen's inventive schemes to win the heart of her new sponsor, much to the chagrin of his girlfriend, Vivian Dawn (Lynn Bari), a soloist with the band.
Vivian promptly quits the band out of jealousy, and Karen stages an elaborate ice show as a substitute.
Of particular note is the elaborate "Chattanooga Choo Choo" sequence.
The scene begins at a rehearsal with the Glenn Miller Orchestra practicing "Chattanooga Choo Choo" and includes two choruses of the song whistled and sung by Tex Beneke in a musical exchange with The Modernaires.
As the Miller band concludes their feature the camera pans left to reveal a railway station set.
The band continues with the production number and accompanies Dorothy Dandridge and The Nicholas Brothers in their song and dance routine.
Sun Valley Serenade is the first of the only two movies featuring The Glenn Miller Orchestra (the other is 1942's Orchestra Wives).
Besides "Chattanooga Choo Choo", other Glenn Miller tunes in the film are "Moonlight Serenade", "It Happened in Sun Valley", "I Know Why (And So Do You)", and "In the Mood".
An instrumental version of "At Last" was recorded by Glenn Miller and his Orchestra as well as a version with vocals by John Payne and Pat Friday, but these recordings would remain unused and unissued.
"At Last" can be heard in the movie in three scenes, however, in an orchestral performance by Glenn Miller and His Orchestra in the Lido Terrace night club after they perform "In the Mood", as part of the orchestral background score in a scene between John Payne and Lynn Bari, and in an orchestral version with vocalization but without lyrics a minute and twenty seconds in length during the closing skating sequence with Sonja Henie.
"At Last" would also appear in the 1942 follow-up movie Orchestra Wives performed by Glenn Miller and his Orchestra with vocals by Ray Eberle and Pat Friday.
Glenn Miller vocalist Pat Friday provided the pre-recorded vocal tracks that Lynn Bari lip synced in the film.
Future Olympic gold medalist Gretchen Fraser was the skiing stand-in for Sonja Henie.
Fraser was a member of the Olympic team in 1940 (cancelled) and 1948.
Art Dodge (Antonio Banderas), a former artist, is struggling to make ends meet with his art gallery, ignoring bills and delaying to pay his assistant Gloria (Joan Cusack) and his artist Manny (Gabino Diego).
To survive, he is reading the obituaries and trying to convince the widows that the deceased purchased a painting shortly before dying.
Things take an ugly turn when Art is trying this scam with mobster Gene (Danny Aiello) whose father just died.
Not only does Gene not fall for it, but he tries to have his henchmen beat Art up.
Art barely escapes by hiding in the Rolls Royce of Betty Kerner (Melanie Griffith), Gene's estranged two-time ex-wife and wealthy heiress.
Betty is excited about helping the handsome stranger, and the two end up shortly thereafter making love.
Betty being very impulsive, she wants to marry Art in two weeks.
Because of the heiress fortune the news immediately makes the tabloids.
Stuck between Betty who won't change her mind and Gene who still loves his ex-wife, Art doesn't like the idea of getting married with such short notice but decides to play along for now.
One morning, at Betty's mansion, Art seductively enters her shower naked, only to realize it's not Betty who's in there but her sister Liz (Daryl Hannah), an art professor.
If Art is attracted to Liz, she stays very cold and distant, seeing him as nothing more than a gigolo who hit the jackpot.
Art decides to invent a fake twin brother Bart (who wears glasses and has his hair down instead of wearing a ponytail) who is allegedly a painter who just got back from Italy.
Bart and Liz instantly hit it off while Gene still tries to romance Betty.
Bart and Liz can't stop talking about everything, he plays with her dog and even invites her to Manny's studio when he's not in, pretending to show her his art.
When Liz's favorite painting in the studio turns out to have been actually made by Art (who gave it to Manny as an "advance" on what he owes him), Bart gives her the painting.
Thanks to his imaginary twin brother, Art manages to pursue a romance with both sisters.
Because the two "twin brothers" must never be in the same place at the same time, it however involves a lot of running around, coming up with a lot of excuses and enlisting a very reluctant Gloria's help.
One evening he needs to go out two separate dates with both Betty and Liz.
At the restaurant with Betty, he decides to drug her wine, much to the horror of the sommelier (Vincent Schiavelli).
This allows him to cut the date short and put a very sleepy Betty to bed.
He then goes out with Liz (who chooses the very same restaurant) and ends up making love to her.
The next morning, Art/Bart has to run back and forth between the two sister's bedrooms (whose two bathrooms share a private swimming pool) as he's supposed to be with them both at the same time.
In the evening before the wedding, Art spots Gene's two henchmen around his house and manages to escape them thanks to his dad's help (Eli Wallach).
He tries to spend the night at Gloria's but he discovers she started dating Manny.
Manny however gives him the keys to his studio where he can spend the night.
At the studio, Art starts to paint again when he is interrupted by Gene's henchmen who found him and start beating him up, before Gene shows up.
When Art proposes Gene to leave town, Gene tells him to go ahead with the wedding and threatens to break one bone for each tear Betty cries.
After they leave, Liz arrives to the studio, thinking Bart got beat up.
When Bart tells her he is Art, that he fell in love when he saw her in the shower and tries to kiss her, Liz thinks Art is trying to make a pass at her, not realizing Bart doesn't exist.
On the wedding day, Liz tells Bart his "brother" tried to kiss her, and that the wedding should be called off.
Bart needs to "confront" Art in a study alone, with Liz and Gene listening outside -and, unbeknownst to anyone, also by Betty through the phone.
When Gene enters the study, he confronts a lonely Art, and again threatens him if he doesn't marry Betty.
He tells him that what Art or even himself want is irrelevant, and that the only thing that matters is Betty's happiness.
During the wedding ceremony, Betty, shaken by Gene's selfless devotion, calls the wedding off and falls in Gene's arms acknowledging she still love him too.
Gene and Betty elope.
In the general confusion, Liz sees her dog wanting to play with Art and realizes Art and Bart are the same person.
Bart then go see Liz, telling her a fake excuse to "go back to Italy" (which she of course doesn't buy), adding he's not worthy of her.
A few month later, Art's gallery has experienced a dramatic turnaround (Gloria owns and manages it, and Art is the artist) and is now very successful.
At the inauguration of his work, Art notices Liz who still has feeling for him but is not sure who he is really.
Art manages to convince her he is the one she had feelings for, and the movie ends with the two happily walking in the street, hand in hand.
King William (Dakin Matthews), widowed father of newborn Princess Odette, and Queen Uberta (Sandy Duncan), widowed mother of young Prince Derek, decide to betroth their children in the hopes of uniting their kingdoms.
Rothbart (Jack Palance) is an evil sorcerer who wishes to take William's kingdom for himself, by mastering a type of dark magic known as The Forbidden Arts.
But before he can make his move, he is attacked by William's men.
Although banished from the kingdom, Rothbart vows to get his revenge.
William and Uberta have Odette and Derek meet every summer, hoping they'll fall in love.
As children, this fails miserably, but when the years pass and the two reach adulthood, they do fall in love.
Derek (Howard McGillin) declares that the wedding preparations begins, but when he expresses his wish to marry Odette (Michelle Nicastro) only for her beauty, she rejects him.
Odette and William leave, but they are ambushed by Rothbart, who transforms into a "Great Animal", kidnaps Odette, and fatally injures William.
Upon being tipped off by the arrival of King William's captain, Derek arrives on the scene, where William tells him with his dying breath that they were attacked by a "Great Animal", and that Odette is "gone".
Believing that Odette is dead, Uberta encourages her son to find another princess.
But Derek is determined to find Odette, believing that she can still be alive.
He and his best friend Bromley (Joel McKinnon Miller) practice hunting every day in preparation for facing the Great Animal.
Elsewhere, Rothbart is keeping Odette at his castle lair at Swan Lake.
He has cast a powerful spell that turns Odette into a swan during the day, and she is able to temporarily turn human at night if she is on the lake under moonlight.
Every night Rothbart asks Odette to marry him so he can rule William's kingdom, but she refuses.
During her captivity, she befriends a turtle named Speed (Steven Wright), a French frog named Jean-Bob (John Cleese), who dreams of being human, and an Irish puffin (Steve Vinovich).
Puffin and Odette, in her swan form, fly together to find Derek.
By chance they stumble upon Derek in the woods, for he is searching for the Great Animal.
Derek mistakes Odette for the Great Animal, (Derek having deduced that the creature is a shapeshifter), and tries to kill her.
The ensuing chase leads Derek to Swan Lake, where he witnesses Odette's change from swan to human when the moon rises.
The two share a loving reunion, and Odette tells Derek that the spell can only be broken by a vow of everlasting love.
Derek invites Odette to his mother's ball the following night, hoping to declare to the world of his love for her.
Derek leaves just as Rothbart arrives.
The enchanter has heard the whole conversation and imprisons Odette as a swan in the castle dungeon, along with Bromley, whom he had found in the woods.
Furthermore, because there is a new moon on the night of the ball, Odette remains a swan that night.
Fearing that Derek's vow would ruin his plans, Rothbart sends Bridget, his hag sidekick, to the ball disguised as Odette.
Odette's friends manage to free her from the dungeon and she flies to Uberta's castle, but she is unable to warn Derek in time.
Derek makes the vow of everlasting love to the wrong girl.
Rothbart enters and shows Derek the fake Odette's true form, Bridget.
Upon realizing his mistake, Derek races after Odette back to Swan Lake, where Odette transforms back into a princess.
Odette dies in Derek's arms, but not before telling him that she loves him.
A furious Derek confronts Rothbart, ordering him to revive Odette.
Rothbart transforms into the Great Animal.
A battle ensues with Rothbart overpowering Derek.
Odette's animal friends return Derek's bow to him, and Bromley, who has escaped the dungeon, provides Derek with a single arrow.
Derek catches and fires the arrow into the Great Animal's heart, destroying him.
Derek confesses to Odette that he loves her for her kindness and courage, and Odette returns to life; the spell on her is broken.
The two are married and they moved into Rothbart's former castle, and they lived happily ever after.
Darius Britt (Aubrey Plaza) is a disillusioned college graduate who lives at home with her widower father (Jeff Garlin) and interns at Seattle Magazine.
One of the magazine's writers, Jeff Schwensen (Jake Johnson), proposes to investigate a newspaper classified ad that reads: Jeff's story idea is approved by his boss, Bridget (Mary Lynn Rajskub).
Jeff selects his team, made up of Darius and a man named Arnau (Karan Soni), the latter of whom is a studious biology major interning at the magazine to diversify his resume.
They travel to the seaside community of Ocean View to find and profile the person behind the ad.
Jeff later reveals an ulterior motive for this assignment: to track down a long-lost love interest who lives in town.
Darius discovers that the person behind the ad is Kenneth Calloway (Mark Duplass), a stock clerk at a local grocery store.
Jeff's attempt to approach Kenneth alienates him, so Jeff orders Darius to make contact.
Darius' disaffected attitude serves her well, and she quickly endears herself to Kenneth as she poses as a candidate to accompany him on his mission.
While Kenneth is paranoid and believes that "secret agents" are tracking his every move, Darius gains his trust as she participates in a series of training exercises in the woods around his house and begins to develop feelings for him.
She tells Kenneth about the death of her mother when she was young and that her mission is to prevent it.
Kenneth says his mission is to go back to 2001 and prevent the death of his old girlfriend Belinda, who was killed when someone drove a car into her house.
Meanwhile, Jeff tracks down Liz (Jenica Bergere), his fling from his teenage years; although she is not as attractive as his memories of her younger self, they reconnect and sleep together.
He asks her to come back with him to Seattle, but she believes this is just another fling for Jeff, so she refuses.
Upset by her rejection, Jeff takes Arnau out on the town, and they pick up some young women.
Jeff tells Arnau to not waste his youth and convinces him to spend the night with one of the women.
The next morning, Jeff receives a phone call from Bridget, who has been following up the team's notes on the story; she informs him that Belinda (Kristen Bell) is still alive.
During an interview, Darius learns Belinda was only friends with Kenneth and that Kenneth had driven into her then-boyfriend's house, but no one was injured.
After the interview, Darius is questioned by two government agents who have been following Kenneth and believe that he may be a spy because of his communication with government scientists.
Darius returns to Kenneth's house to confront him about Belinda, but Kenneth rationalizes that his time traveling must have worked.
Jeff then comes in to warn them that the government agents are also on the property.
Kenneth panics and runs into the woods.
Darius follows him and finds Kenneth has boarded his time machine, which has been integrated into a small boat.
Darius apologizes for lying to Kenneth, tells him everything else they shared was real, and joins him on the time machine.
Kenneth tells Darius that his mission has been updated, saying he now wants to go back for her.
As Jeff, Arnau and the two government agents watch, Kenneth activates the time machine and it disappears, along with himself and Darius.
Tripp (Matthew McConaughey), a 35-year-old man, is still living with his parents Al (Terry Bradshaw) and Sue (Kathy Bates), in Baltimore.
Tripp's best friends Demo (Bradley Cooper) and Ace (Justin Bartha) are also still living in their parents' homes and seem proud of it.
Al and Sue are fascinated when their friends, whose adult son recently moved away from home, reveal that they hired an expert to arrange the matter.
The expert is Paula (Sarah Jessica Parker), who believes that men continue to live at home because they have low self-esteem.
Her approach is to establish a relationship with the man to build his confidence and transfer his attachment from his parents to her.
However, upon meeting Tripp, she finds that he does not fit any of her previous profiles, having normal social skills and no problems with self-esteem.
After an awkward encounter with his parents, Paula thwarts his attempt to dump her and has sex with him, all the while developing real feelings for him.
She and Tripp find themselves sailing unfamiliar waters and confide in their friends.
Paula's vocation exasperates her roommate Kit (Zooey Deschanel), who believes that Paula took the job because she once had her heart broken by a man who lived with his parents.
Paula, on the other hand, is shocked when she finds out why Tripp lives at home: his life collapsed when his fiancée suddenly died, and his family has been his source of solace ever since.
Ace discovers what is going on and blackmails Paula for a date with Kit; although Kit is more attracted to Demo, she and Ace wind up falling in love.
Ace then outs Paula to Demo, who in turn reveals all to Tripp.
Tripp angrily confronts his parents, and breaks up with Paula.
Wracked with guilt, Paula refunds Al and Sue's money.
After an awkward confrontation, Tripp manages to forgive his parents, but he cannot forgive Paula for manipulating him.
Tripp's parents and friends devise a plan to reconcile the two lovers.
They tie up and gag Tripp and lock him and Paula together in a room.
Paula pours her heart out to him, and he finally forgives her.
The film ends with Al and Sue in their empty nest, happily singing "Hit the Road, Tripp", fading into the closing credits playing the Ray Charles song, and Tripp sailing away with Paula on his newly purchased boat.
Valeria Brinton marries Eustace Woodville despite objections from Woodville's family leading to disquiet for Valeria's own family and friends.
Just a few days after the wedding, various incidents lead Valeria to suspect her husband is hiding a dark secret in his past and she discovers that he has been using a false name.
He refuses to discuss it leading them to curtail their honeymoon and return to London where Valeria learns that he was on trial for his first wife's murder by arsenic.
He was tried in a Scottish court and the verdict was 'not proven' rather than 'not guilty' implying his guilt but without enough proof for a jury to convict him.
Valeria sets out to save their happiness by proving her husband innocent of the crime.
In her quest, she comes across the disabled character Miserrimus Dexter, a fascinating but mentally unstable genius, and his devoted female cousin, Ariel.
Dexter will prove crucial to uncovering the disturbing truth behind the mysterious death.
After her client Albert Osborne (Robert Benchley) makes a pass at her, Susan Applegate (Ginger Rogers) quits her job as a scalp massager for the Revigorous System and decides to leave New York City and return home to Stevenson, Iowa.
Upon arriving at the train station, she discovers she has only enough money to cover a child's fare, so she disguises herself as a twelve-year-old girl named Su-Su.
When a suspicious conductor catches her smoking, Su-Su takes refuge in the compartment of Major Philip Kirby (Ray Milland) who, believing she is a frightened child, agrees to let her stay with him until they reach his stop.
When the train is detained by flooding on the tracks, Philip's fiancée Pamela Hill (Rita Johnson) and her father, his commanding officer at the military academy where he teaches, drive to meet him.
Pamela boards the train and finds Su-Su sleeping in the lower berth in his compartment.
Imagining the worst, she accuses Philip of being unfaithful and reports his alleged infidelity to her father.
Indignant, and still feeling protective of Su-Su, Philip insists on bringing her to the school where her parents can retrieve her.
The Hills, meeting Su-Su in person and now believing that she is only 12 years old, agree to let her stay with them.
Pamela's teenaged sister Lucy (Diana Lynn) immediately sees through Susan's disguise.
She promises to keep her secret if Susan will help her sabotage Pamela's efforts to keep Philip at the academy instead of allowing him to fulfill his wish to be assigned to active duty.
Pretending to be Pamela, Susan calls one of Pamela's Washington,C.
connections and arranges to have Philip's status changed.
Susan becomes popular with the young students, especially cadet Clifford Osborne, unaware he is the son of the client who prompted her to quit her job.
When the elder Osborne visits the school, he recognizes Susan and reveals her identity to Pamela, who threatens to expose her and Philip and create a public scandal unless Susan leaves immediately.
Susan returns home, but continues to fantasize about Philip, much to the dismay of her fiancé Will Duffy (Richard Fiske).
When Philip stops to visit her on his way to California to report for active duty, she pretends to be her own mother and Philip leaves without learning the truth.
After discovering Pamela has married someone else, Susan rushes to the train station and confesses her deception, and she and Philip decide to marry in Nevada while en route to the West Coast and embarkation for overseas service.
The school year ends with everyone at East High School looking forward to summer vacation ("What Time Is It").
Troy Bolton is still dating Gabriella Montez, who decides to stay in Albuquerque with her mother.
Troy eventually decides to look for a summer job to gain money for college.
Sharpay and Ryan Evans plan to spend part of the summer at their family's country club, Lava Springs ("Fabulous"), but Sharpay's summer plans also include pursuing Troy, whom she has arranged to be hired at the club.
However, Troy convinces the club's manager, mr Fulton, into hiring Gabriella and their close group of friends as well; including Taylor and Chad.
Sharpay is enraged upon learning that Gabriella is working as one of the lifeguards, but is unable to get her fired.
So she orders Fulton to give them difficult tasks so they would be best to quit.
Fulton attempts to intimidate the group, but Troy rebuilds their confidence and convinces them that they can persevere ("Work This Out").
Troy continues to worry about funding for college.
Sharpay senses his need and arranges for Troy to be promoted, hoping that this will convince him to sing with her at the talent show.
Meanwhile, Kelsi writes a ballad for Troy and Gabriella.
Troy agrees to sing with his friends in the show ("You Are The Music In Me"), not knowing that Sharpay is vying for his attention.
(In the extended version, Sharpay and Ryan trap Troy as he prepares for a date with Gabriella, and perform their potential show-stopper ("Humuhumunukunukuapua'a").
)  Ryan realizes he does not mean much to Sharpay anymore, as she is ready to blow her brother aside for the opportunity to perform with Troy.
This leads to tension between the twin siblings and Ryan angrily informs Sharpay that he will no longer obey her orders.
Taylor and Gabriella invite Ryan to the baseball game, where he persuades the Wildcats to take part in the talent show ("I Don't Dance").
Troy and Gabriella's relationship is strained when Troy sees Ryan with Gabriella, sparking jealousy.
Owing to a "promise" from Troy, he and Sharpay practice their song for the Midsummer Night's Talent Show ("You Are The Music In Me (Sharpay Version)").
When Sharpay discovers that Ryan and the Wildcats are putting together their own performance in the show, she orders mr Fulton to ban all junior staff members from performing.
Gabriella angrily confronts Sharpay about her interference and quits her job at Lava Springs.
Troy overhears the exchange and tries to persuade Gabriella to change her mind.
Gabriella expresses her loss of trust with Troy ("Gotta Go My Own Way") and leaves Lava Springs, and gives him the necklace back.
It also seems that they broke up.
Troy returns to work the next day to find that his friends refuse to talk to him.
Kelsi silently shows Troy the notice from mr Fulton, causing Troy to question his own motivations ("Bet On It").
He begins to reconcile with Chad and his other friends.
Then Troy confronts Sharpay, informing her that he will not sing with her.
The Wildcats and Chad forgive Troy for his absence and convince him to sing in the talent show, which he does only under the condition that they are all allowed to perform as well.
At Sharpay's supposed instruction, Ryan gives Troy a new song to learn moments before the show.
As Troy goes onstage, he asks Sharpay why she switched the song, and Sharpay is shocked to find that her brother tricked her.
Troy sings the song ("Everyday") alone until Gabriella surprisingly joins him onstage.
In the end, Sharpay proudly presents her brother, Ryan, with the award for the talent show.
After the talent show, all the Wildcats go to the golf course to enjoy the fireworks.
Everyone celebrates the end of the summer with a pool party ("All for One") which features a cameo appearance by Miley Cyrus.
In the Soviet Union, American reporter McKinley "Mac" Thompson (Clark Gable) secretly writes unflattering stories, attributed to "Comrade X", for his newspaper.
His identity is discovered by his valet, Vanya (Felix Bressart), who blackmails Mac into promising to get his daughter, a streetcar conductor named Theodore (Hedy Lamarr), out of the country.
Theodore agrees to a sham marriage so she can spread the message of the benefits of Communism to the rest of the world.
However, Commissar Vasiliev (Oscar Homolka) is determined to unmask and arrest Comrade.
An aspiring painter named Dustin meets a woman named Christiane.
Dustin is on a search for love, sex, and inspiration.
When Christiane dumps him and disappears as quickly as she dropped in, Dustin embarks on an obsessive search in Southern California to find her.
This film is about Zach Baker (Hunt) and his quest to go back through his past experiences with women so he will have the perfect date with his lifelong friend, Abbey (Graham).
Abbey would be the thirteenth women he has gone out with and he hopes she will be "Lucky 13".
The story revolves around Zach asking each woman what he did wrong in their relationship, so as to not make the same mistakes with Abbey.
A recurring gag involves Zach throwing objects, representing his past affairs, into a lake.
During the course of the film, Zach makes changes to his appearance and demeanor, trying to emulate the advice he gets from his past girlfriends—most of which is contradictory.
After much soul-searching, Zach decides to ask Abbey to marry him—a proposal that she turns down in order to move to New York City and pursue her dream of being an artist.
Zach eventually comes to realize that his life in the Mid-West is not so bad and he gains a new appreciation for his family and friends.
Ted Forrest who works for the Dynasty Card Company is murdered by Keith Heading (Diehl) and his men on the street, they switch the tape before police arrive.
Johnny Stewart (Wayans) is a lifelong con-man who meets a girl, Amber Evans (Dash), and tries to impress her by cleaning up his act and doing things the honest way.
He becomes a mailroom clerk at the credit card firm where she works and soon finds that he needs money to impress Amber.
So, he develops a scheme to commit identity theft (though this term was not used for the crime in 1992) with the credit card information of deceased cardholders to which he has access due to his mailroom position.
He justifies his actions because he knows that he is only stealing from the company and not harming the individual cardholders.
Chris Fields trains Johnny how to do the job,until Keith threatens Chris in the men's restroom making him feel scared.
Lt Walsh asks Chris questions about Keith,Chris is stabbed and killed by Keith's hitman in the subway station.
Lt Walsh investigates Chris's murder and find credit card receipts on him.
Keith promotes Johnny from mailroom clerk to supervisor to replace Chris who was killed.
With the help of his brother and fellow conman Seymour (Wayans), he charges large amounts of money to the cards with the intention of impressing Amber.
The supervisor, Keith Heading (who is responsible for a virtual stolen credit card empire), records Johnny stealing a returned credit card and cons him into joining his credit card ring.
Seymour takes the stolen credit card trying to buy a four fingered ring, but a security alarm came on saying card stolen.
Seymour tries to escape but is caught by mall security and questioned by police.
The police authorized a sting operation on Seymour to tape Keith's conversation and to capture him.
Lt Walsh becomes furious about the sting operation.
Keith's hitman is trying to kill Johnny for blackmail until he shoots Walsh in the arm.
Keith kidnaps Seymour and Johnny goes after him until he escapes.
Keith tries to kill Johnny by shooting him in the shoulder.
A fight ensues between them until Johnny kills him and hangs him.
Seymour and Amber visit Johnny lying in the hospital bed injured and decides to settle down.
Love Is All There Is is a modern retelling of the Romeo and Juliet story.
It is set in the Bronx during the 1990s.
The Cappamezzas (Lainie Kazan and Joseph Bologna), Bronx-born Sicilians, own a local catering business.
They develop a bitter rivalry with the pretentious Malacicis (Paul Sorvino and Barbara Carrera), recent immigrants from Florence and owners of a fine Italian restaurant.
The Cappamezzas' son, Rosario, (Nathaniel Marston) falls in love with the Malacicis' daughter, Gina, (Angelina Jolie) after she replaces the obese star of the neighborhood church's staging of Romeo and Juliet.
The rivalry intensifies after Rosario deflowers Gina after a fight with her parents.
The movie was filmed at Greentree Country Club in New Rochelle, NY and many scenes were shot in City Island, Bronx, New York.
Darryl Witherspoon (Marlon Wayans) is a college economics student, who does not have the advantages of his wealthy nemesis, Scott Thorpe (David Spade), or his best friend Tim LaFlour (Matthew Lillard), who has a hockey scholarship.
Darryl is so broke he donates four pints of blood in one day (playing a different character each time) and four vials of sperm in one day.
Darryl's big break comes when he enters a competition, where the winner gets a high-paying Wall Street job.
But when Scott enters the competition, it seems Darryl's break has gone down the drain.
He takes on a high-paying experiment to test a drug that enhances the five senses.
Darryl uses it to his advantage and he impresses the competition's supervisor, mr Tyson (Rip Torn) and he even joins the hockey team as a goalie.
But after taking an extra dose one night, he experiences side effects.
The experiment's supervisor, dr Thomas Wheedon (Brad Dourif), tells Darryl only four of his senses will work at a time until the drug leaves his body.
As Darryl struggles, Tim thinks that his friend is on heroin and gets worried about him.
Darryl's luck then starts going down the drain as he loses the hockey game because his sense of sight is lost.
He also mistakenly confesses love to his girlfriend's father who he thinks is his girlfriend as his sense of sight is lost.
Her father turns out to be mr Tyson.
He also acts very clumsily (because of the loss of the ability to feel) during the basketball game he is invited to see with a client who needs to be impressed in order for Darryl to score some points with the Smythe-Bates guys.
Luckily, the client thinks Darryl is just funny and signs a contract with the company.
As the story progresses, Darryl asks his friend Tim to help him study for the next day's interview.
At that exact moment, Scott studies for the test with the aid of his rich father's employees.
Scott is shown to answer a question correctly but he does not know the reason behind it, he ignores the question.
The next day, the drug leaves Darryl's system and now all his five senses operate normally.
During the interview, it comes down to Darryl and Scott, Scott is asked the same question he was asked last night, he answers it correctly, but when asked the reason, he does not know, Darryl steps in, gives the correct reason and scores the position of junior analyst at Smythe-Bates.
But in his speech, he confesses that he cheated by taking an experimental drug.
A meeting is called to decide his fate and mr Tyson tells him that he himself started out in the mail room and Darryl should too, if he serves one year duty in the mail room, he will score the position of junior analyst.
The story skips a year and Darryl is shown to ask his mom to move into a deluxe apartment.
The movie ends with Darryl entering the Smythe-Bates building on his first day, with a familiar-looking doorman (Sherman Hemsley).
Joe (Hal Holbrook) is a cynical American journalist assigned to work in the Soviet Union, where he meets Oktyabrina (Goldie Hawn), a spirited and erratic Russian ballet dancer who lives illegally without proper documents.
Their ensuing romance opens new possibilities for both; but also draws the attention of the Soviet authorities.
A popular dance hall girl, Duchess, joins with a gambler nicknamed the "Dirtwater Fox" on the way to Salt Lake City, Utah.
Seeking refuge from a pursuing gang of outlaws, the Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox join a wagon train of Mormons.
On their trip, they encounter snakes, rapids, horseback pursuits through towns, and even getting tied up by the outlaws (eventually escaping).
Kelly Ernswiler, a young war reenactment enthusiast, works at his local store with love interest Sarah and Bart Bowland.
Kelly's father, Abe, works with drug addicts, being clean himself for over five years.
His mother, Eve, is a commercial artist.
As Kelly is leaving, Bart sees him and is furious as he knew he was in the workshop.
The next day, as Kelly is on a set for a war program that Bart got them in, Bart hasn't turned up.
Kelly is cast in a role to be a jeep driver and when his cue is called, Bart turns up out of the bushes and confronts him about Tabby.
Kelly denies it at first and then becomes speechless.
As he is about to drive for his cue, Bart attacks him in the jeep and they make a mess of the set.
The next day, Abe is taken into care again for relapsing and Kelly is emotionless.
He goes to the wedding the same day, only to have an annoyed Bart tell him that he can't let him in.
He sneaks into Tabby's limo before it pulls in and he talks to her, and it is a moment in which he finally realizes he must grow up.
He gets out of the car and everyone at the wedding sees him and are all confused.
He goes round the back of the church to get his bike and leave and meets Minor again, who has no idea of what happened with Kelly and Tabby, and is civil towards him.
Kelly cycles to the clinic where his father is staying and is surprised.
They begin to watch television and his mother walks in and is surprised and happy to see Kelly.
In the end, it shows the voicemail message where Kelly apologizes to the Bowlands for his behavior and asks Bart if he will meet him where he will be selling all his old memorabilia, and gives a hat Bart acquired for him back.
He is shown walking down the street with Sarah and they hold hands.
Kelly sees Lance again on his lawn where they faked the invasion, and goes over to him and confesses, only to be punched in the jaw.
Alison Scott (Katherine Heigl) is a career-minded woman who has just been given an on-air role with E.
and is living in the pool house with her sister Debbie's (Leslie Mann) family.
Ben Stone (Seth Rogen) is laid-back and sardonic.
He lives off funds received in compensation for an injury and sporadically works on a celebrity porn website with his roommates (Jay Baruchel, Jonah Hill, Jason Segel and Martin Starr), in between smoking marijuana or going off with them at theme parks such as Knott's Berry Farm.
While celebrating her promotion, Alison meets Ben at a local nightclub.
After a night of drinking, they end up having sex.
Due to a misunderstanding, they don't use protection: Alison uses the phrase "Just do it already" to encourage Ben to put the condom on, but he misinterprets this to mean to dispense with using one.
The following morning, they quickly learn over breakfast that they have little in common and go their separate ways, which leaves Ben visibly upset.
Eight weeks later, Alison experiences morning sickness during an interview with James Franco and realizes she could be pregnant.
She contacts Ben for the first time since their one-night stand to tell him.
Although insensitive at first, Ben says he will be there to support Alison.
While he is still unsure about being a parent, his father (Harold Ramis) is excited.
Alison's mother (Joanna Kerns) tries to persuade her daughter to have an abortion, but Alison decides to keep the child.
Later, Alison and Ben decide to give their relationship a chance.
The couple's efforts include Ben making an awkward marriage proposal with an empty ring box, promising to get her one someday.
Alison thinks it's too early to think about marriage, because she is more concerned with hiding the pregnancy from her bosses, believing that they will fire her if they ever found out.
After a somewhat promising beginning, tensions surface in the relationship.
Alison is increasingly worried about Ben's lack of responsibility and commitment, and has doubts about the longevity of their relationship.
These thoughts are due to her sister's unhappy marriage.
Debbie's husband, Pete (Paul Rudd), works as a talent scout for rock bands, but he leaves at odd hours in the night, which makes her suspect he is having an affair.
Upon investigating, she learns that he is actually part of a fantasy baseball draft, which he explains he participates in to be free from Debbie's controlling manner.
This results in their separation, and when Ben expresses amusement at Pete's deception, it leads to a heated argument with Alison as they drive to her doctor.
Angered, she ejects him from her car and abandons him in the middle of a busy street.
He tracks her down to her appointment and they both start another argument, leading to their own breakup.
Ben and Pete decide to go on a road trip to Las Vegas.
Under the heavy influence of psychedelic mushrooms, they realize their loss and decide to take responsibility for their relationships.
Simultaneously, Debbie drags a timid Alison out partying with her, but they are refused admission to a nightclub by its apologetic bouncer (Craig Robinson) on account of Debbie's age and Alison's pregnancy, leading to Debbie's tearful laments about her life and her desire to have Pete back.
They reconcile at their daughter's birthday party, but when Ben tries to work things out with Alison, she doesn't want to get back together.
Alison's boss finds out about her pregnancy, and sees an opportunity to boost ratings with female viewers by having Alison interview pregnant celebrities.
After a talk with his father, Ben decides to take responsibility and goes to great effort to change his ways, including moving out of his friends' house, getting an office job as a web designer, and creating a baby's room in his new apartment.
He also starts reading the pregnancy books that he had purchased early on.
When Alison goes into labor and is unable to contact her doctor, she calls Ben, as Debbie and Pete are at Legoland.
Ben discovers that the gynecologist they had been seeing (Loudon Wainwright) is out of town, despite having assured them that he never took vacations.
Ben calls him and leaves a furious voicemail, threatening murder.
During labor, Alison apologizes for doubting Ben's commitment and admits that she never thought the man who got her pregnant would be the right one for her.
When Debbie and Pete arrive at the hospital, Ben adamantly refuses to allow her to be at Alison's side, insisting that it's his place.
Debbie is both furious and impressed that Ben took charge of the situation and begins to change her formerly negative opinion about him.
The couple welcomes a baby girl (a boy in the alternate ending) and settle down happily together in a new apartment in Los Angeles.
Olivia (Jennifer Aniston) is a single, cash-strapped woman working as a maid in Los Angeles in order to make ends meet.
She is surrounded by a support network of well-off friends consisting of Franny (Joan Cusack) &ndash; a stay at home mom with a large trust fund; Christine (Catherine Keener) &ndash; a successful television writer; Jane (Frances McDormand) &ndash; a fashion designer; and their respective husbands.
While the disparity in financial situations between Olivia and her friends creates some friction, each woman is facing her own individual struggles.
Olivia can't seem to find love or money and resorts to questionable tactics to satisfy both.
Franny's inheritance sometimes causes tension between her and her accountant husband, who likes to spend it.
Christine's marriage is falling apart because she and her husband can't communicate effectively.
Finally, Jane is becoming increasingly unpleasant to be around, possibly because of her discomfort with her age and her husband's sexual ambiguity.
Together, these women attend charity benefits, have lunch, lean on each other, and wade their way through life.
Kathy has seemingly been happily married to Peter, but their relationship has grown routine.
She cannot help but wonder what would happen if she ever got together with her high school sweetheart, Tom, who she had never slept with.
Being married prevents her from acting on that, so she asks her friend, Emily, to look Tom up when she goes to Denver, and to sleep with him, then tell Kathy what it was like.
Emily does this, but when she tells Kathy that Tom is awesome and they had sex all night, their friendship suffers, as does Kathy's marriage.
Things become even more complicated when Emily learns she is pregnant, and is uncertain if Tom or her boyfriend, Elliot is the father.
Beginning in West Germany in 1982, 18-year-old school boy Helmut falls in love with fellow pupil Britta.
He starts working for a Peace movement to get to know Britta.
Britta, however, suddenly moves to San Francisco to live with her father and whilst there, finds a new boyfriend.
Helmut studies literature and politics in his home town and has a relationship with another girl from his former school, now studying medicine on the same university but they break up after having an affair with her room mate.
Helmut begins a lot of short affairs with different women but still searches for his first girl.
Years later, in 1989, the Berlin wall falls and the Cold war ends.
Helmut is lying in his girlfriend's bed when his old school friend Mücke calls him, who saw Britta in Berlin.
Helmut hurries to Berlin and finds Britta, but she has changed and has become arrogant.
Mücke tells him afterwards that he had an affair with Britta and that Britta has had a lot of affairs.
Worried by this, Helmut begins a lot of new affairs and his parents get divorced at that time.
In 1998, Helmut settles down with a girl who wants a baby with him, but Helmut travels one more time to Berlin to meet Britta for one last time.
The story, set in 1968, the year of the Prague Spring and the Soviet invasion, features a planned escape to the West and the arrest of one of its central characters for desertion from the army.
The main couple, Tereza and Šimon, struggles to enjoy the free spirit of the times in spite of the turbulent political circumstances.
The story begins with a narration by Alejandro Lopez as he retells the events of his father's life, Juan Lopez (Paul Rodriguez), and how by selling oranges he changed their lives.
Juan was born on a strawberry field in Bakersfield, California, but due to hardship, his mother decided to relocate to Mexico.
Now Juan is an undocumented citizen, due to no proof of US citizenship, of Los Angeles, struggling not only to get a green card, but to solely care for Alejandro, after his wife's death.
Yet, he has no documentation to attest to hisS.
citizenship and lives as an undocumented worker in Los Angeles selling oranges near the freeway.
He lives with two roommates and tries to make ends meet so he can take care of his little son.
He is stressed as he battles landlords and immigration.
A stranger (Edward James Olmos) in a fancy limousine hands over $1,000,000 dollar check to Juan, but under the condition that he must give back all the money in one month.
Juan is suspicious and takes the check to his immigration worker (Polly Draper) who encourages him to follow the directions given him.
At first he uses the check to get credit extended at posh clothing stores, a car dealership, and more.
He also meets a woman in a dead-end relationship with a bossy businessman.
Then the fun begins for good-natured Juan Lopez, who has to avoid temptations and the greedy people that suddenly pop-up in his life.
Juan comes to realize that the true meaning of life is love, family, and happiness, and that money isn't the answer.
The legendary American movie star and sex symbol Marlo Manners (Mae West) is in London, England, where she has just married for the sixth time.
She and her new husband, Sir Michael Barrington (Timothy Dalton), then depart for a honeymoon suite at a posh and exclusive hotel that has been reserved for them by her manager, Dan Turner (Dom DeLuise).
The hotel is also the location of an international conference, where leaders have come together to resolve tensions and problems that threaten the survival of the world.
As the chairman, mr Chambers (Walter Pidgeon) is trying to call the meeting to order, the delegates are crowding to the windows in an effort to catch a glimpse of Marlo when she arrives.
As they enter the lobby, Marlo, now Lady Barrington, and her husband, a knight, are swarmed by admirers and reporters.
When asked, "Do you get a lot of proposals from your male fans.
" she quips, "Yeah, and what they propose is nobody’s business".
Once inside their suite, the couple are unable to go to bed and have sex because of constant interruptions due to the demands of her career, such as interviews, dress fittings and photo sessions, as well as the various men, including some former husbands, diplomat Alexei Andreyev Karansky (Tony Curtis), director Laslo Karolny (Ringo Starr), gangster Vance Norton (George Hamilton), and an entire athletic team from theS, all of whom want to have sex with her.
Meanwhile, the evil Turner desperately searches for an audiotape containing his client's memoirs, in order to destroy it.
Marlo has recorded extensive details about her affairs and scandals, with a lot of dirt about her husbands and lovers.
Ex-husband Alexei, who is the Russian delegate at the conference, threatens to derail the intense negotiations unless he can have another sexual encounter with her.
Marlo is expected to work "undercover" to ensure world peace.
The film depicts the sexual competition among three roommates — the aggressive, womanizing drummer Tolen (Ray Brooks), the shy, paranoid schoolteacher Colin (Michael Crawford), and the artist Tom (Donal Donnelly) — when a young woman from out of town, Nancy (Rita Tushingham), enters their London world.
After getting dumped by his girlfriend Tiffani von der Sloot (Rebekah Kochan), University of Arizona student Caleb Peterson (Scott Lunsford) commiserates with his roommate Kyle (Jim Verraros), who notes that while he has trouble getting the men he wants, he could get any woman because he's gay.
Later at a party, Gwen Anderson (Emily Stiles) dumps her boyfriend after he comes out to her.
Caleb sees her and becomes infatuated and meets Marc Everhard (Ryan Carnes), with whom Kyle is infatuated.
Marc, meanwhile, sees Caleb and is instantly attracted.
Kyle comes up with a crazy scheme.
He tells Gwen that Caleb is gay so she'll set him up with Marc.
Kyle figures that Caleb can use Marc to get to Gwen, while Kyle uses Caleb to get to Marc.
Also, Tiffani lives next door to Gwen and Marc so seeing Caleb date Marc would make her crazy.
Caleb and Marc go out on a date then go back to Marc's place to watch a movie.
Marc tries to put the moves on Caleb, who's unresponsive.
Suddenly Gwen, who's stuck at a friend's house and bored, calls.
She talks to Caleb, relaxing and seducing him verbally while Marc takes advantage by performing oral sex on him.
Gwen hangs up to come home and Marc masturbates next to Caleb.
Caleb, feeling confused and insecure, leaves.
He passes Gwen on her way home and she seduces him again, this time physically.
They have sex in his convertible.
Caleb goes home and goes to bed.
The next morning, Marc calls Caleb and leaves a message.
Kyle overhears it and realizes that Marc and Caleb had sex.
As Kyle storms into his room, Marc calls back.
After the call Caleb goes to Kyle and tells him he's invited Gwen and Marc to dinner to clear everything up.
Caleb also tells Kyle that he knows Kyle has feelings for him and that, if Caleb were at all gay, he'd be with Kyle.
Gwen and Marc come over for dinner and Caleb is chagrined to see that Kyle's invited Caleb's family as well.
Kyle convinces Gwen to "pretend" to be Caleb's date and Marc to "pretend" to be his.
Dinner is going well, if a little awkwardly, until Tiffani inexplicably crashes the party.
Gwen takes it upon herself to out Caleb to his parents (Murph Michaels and Mattie van der Voort).
His parents take it quite well and everyone ends up in a bizarre group hug.
After Caleb's family and Tiffani leave, Gwen verbally attacks Kyle, thinking he's trying to steal Marc from Caleb.
She makes it clear that "someone like Marc" would never go out with "someone like him".
Caleb convinces Marc to talk to Kyle and Gwen figures out the entire scheme, which she thinks is the sweetest thing anyone's ever done for her in light of the lengths to which Caleb went to sleep with her.
Marc goes to talk to Kyle and tells Kyle that he was into him all along, having feigned disinterest this whole time.
They finally kiss.
In a post-credits scene, Marc and Kyle are shown shirtless, making out in his bed; it is implied they are about to have sex.
The story begins with Troubadour, a French speaking turtle who loves songs tries to remind the narrator of a show that he promised to Troubadour that one of his songs will be used in the show.
But the narrator walks away from him, breaking his promise.
He does not look where he is going and accidentally falls through a hole just as the show is about to begin.
Consequently, troubadour is ushered to tell the audience the story at the very last minute.
He chooses the story of the three musketeers.
Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, and Mickey's dog Pluto are street urchins, who, while being robbed by masked bandits (played by the Beagle Boys) are saved by the Royal Musketeers, Athos, Aramis, Porthos and D'Artagnan.
Mickey is gifted one of their hats, inspiring them to follow their example and become a musketeer; however, in the present day, he, Donald and Goofy are janitors for the musketeers' base.
They are also told by Captain Pete, captain of the musketeers, that they can not become musketeers because Donald is a "coward" (who turns into a chicken every time he is frightened), Goofy a "doofus" and Mickey "just too small", leaving the three downhearted.
Meanwhile, Minnie Mouse, princess of France, and her lady-in-waiting, Daisy Duck, are in a palace discussing Minnie's obsession with finding her "one true love".
Daisy says that she must marry someone who is of royal blood, and Minnie insists that she cannot marry someone she does not love.
Minnie says she will know that he is "the one" when he makes her laugh.
Minnie then takes a walk in the palace garden and barely escapes with her life when the Beagle Boys attempt to drop a safe on her.
The Beagles run to tell their boss, Captain Pete, that they were not successful in dropping the safe on Minnie; he clobbers them, saying he wanted her "kidnapped and kept 'safe'" until he can take over the kingdom.
He is called by princess Minnie and she requests him musketeer bodyguards.
He realizes that skilled musketeers will jeopardize his plan and then goes to the janitor room, telling Mickey, Donald and Goofy that they passed his test and have what it takes to become musketeers.
After meeting each other, Minnie falls in love with Mickey.
While Minnie and Daisy, protected by Mickey, Donald, and Goofy, go on a journey, they are ambushed by the Beagle Boys.
Donald hides and is eventually thrown off the carriage, and Goofy is easily defeated, leaving Mickey to fight the intruders.
Mickey is also defeated, leaving the three heroes stranded.
Mickey encourages his friends not to lose hope and they rush to rescue Minnie and Daisy.
Mickey, Donald and Goofy manage to save Minnie and Daisy in a tower where the Beagles are keeping them.
Afterwards, Mickey manages to make Minnie laugh and the two mice fall in love and spend time alone with each other.
Pete is furious that the Beagle Boys failed in their task and realizes that the three protagonists are more of a threat than he originally anticipated.
He then plans to get rid of them one by one.
While on night duty, Goofy is lured away from the palace by Clarabelle (who uses a shadow puppet of Mickey).
The Beagle Boys attack Donald, scaring him into hiding, and Pete tries to do away with him with a guillotine, but he escapes at the last second.
Pete tries to go after him by foolishly going through the guillotine's hole with the blade still coming down and winds up chopping off his peg leg.
Donald returns to the castle and tells the whole story to Mickey (who doesn't believe him at first) before running off in fear, leaving Mickey by himself.
Mickey is then captured by Pete, who chains him up in a dungeon in Mont Saint-Michel that will flood when the tide comes in.
Goofy is tied in chains by Clarabelle and is about to be thrown off a bridge over a river to drown to death, but Goofy falls in love with Clarabelle and flirts with her and wins her heart with his "numbskull charm".
Goofy and Clarabelle accidentally fall off the crumbling bridge and accidentally land into Donald (who is riding in a small boat In the river).
Goofy fails to convince Donald to help him save Mickey, but thanks to an insulting song from Troubadour, The duo save Mickey and the trio eventually escape and reconcile with each other and set off to rescue Daisy and Princess Minnie.
Minnie and Daisy are captured in a theater and locked in a chest by the Beagle Boys and the smallest one poses as Minnie, announcing to the public that she is handing the crown over to a gleeful Pete and has a false advertisement that says "King Pete the Magnificent".
Mickey, Donald and Goofy arrive and battle Pete and the Beagle Boys onstage, finally defeating them and saving Daisy and the Princess (though what became of the villains is unknown).
Mickey and Minnie finally declare their love for one another, as do the others (Donald and Daisy, Goofy and Clarabelle).
Mickey, Donald and Goofy are dubbed (by Princess Minnie) royal musketeers.
Young Crown Prince Karl Heinrich (Philippe De Lacy), heir to the kingdom of Karlsburg, is brought to live with his stern uncle, King Karl VII (Gustav von Seyffertitz).
The king immediately dismisses the boy's nanny (Edythe Chapman) without telling the youngster to avoid an emotional farewell.
Fortunately, dr Friedrich Jüttner (Jean Hersholt), his new tutor, proves to be sympathetic, and they become lifelong friends.
Nonetheless, despite the commoners' belief that it must be wonderful to be him, the boy grows up lonely, without playmates his own age.
Upon passing his high school examination in 1901 with the help of drJüttner, the young prince (Ramón Novarro) is delighted to learn that both he and Jüttner are being sent to Heidelberg, where he will continue his education.
When they arrive, Karl's servant is appalled at the rooms provided for the prince and Jüttner at the inn of Ruder (Otis Harlan).
When Ruder's niece Kathi (Norma Shearer) stoutly defends the centuries-old family business, Karl is entranced by her, and decides to stay.
He is quickly made a member of Corps Saxonia, a student society.
Later that day, Karl tries to kiss Kathi, only to learn that she is engaged.
Her family approves of her fiance, but she is not so sure about him.
She eventually confesses to Karl that, despite the vast social gulf between them, she has fallen in love with him.
Karl feels the same about her and swears that he will let nothing separate them.
When he takes her boating, their rower, Johann Kellermann, turns his back to them to give them some privacy.
Karl jokingly tells him that, when he is king, he will make Kellermann his majordomo.
Then Jüttner receives a letter from the king ordering him to inform Karl that he has selected a princess for him to marry.
Jüttner cannot bring himself to destroy his friend's happiness.
That same day, however, Prime Minister von Haugk (Edward Connelly) arrives with the news that the king is seriously ill, and that Karl must go home and take up the reins of government.
When Karl sees his uncle, he is told of the matrimonial plans.
While Karl is still reeling from the shock, the old king dies, followed by Jüttner.
Later, von Haugk presses the new monarch about the marriage.
The anguished Karl signs the document for the wedding.
Then Kellermann shows up to take the job Karl had offered him.
When Karl asks him about Kathi, he learns that she is still waiting for him.
He goes to see her one last time.
In the last scene, Karl is shown riding through the streets in a carriage with his bride.
One onlooker remarks that it must be wonderful to be king, unaware of Karl's misery.
This movie was a tribute to Burman.
Jhankaar Beats is a story about love, friendship and music.
Deep (Sanjay Suri) is happily married to the lovely Shanti (Juhi Chawla), with a little daughter Muskaan and another baby on the way.
Rishi (Rahul Bose) is his best friend and colleague at an advertising agency.
Rishi is a little immature and stubborn, and this keeps on causing fights at home with his equally headstrong wife Nicky (Rinke Khanna).
Rishi and Deep are dedicated musicians, obsessive about the music ofD.
Burman.
They play at a club sometimes and compete in an annual pop music contest called "Jhankaar Beats" &mdash; they have lost for the past two years.
When the movie starts, Rishi has been kicked out of his house by Nicky and the two are considering getting a divorce.
Deep's nagging mother-in-law has come for a two-month visit.
The men are under pressure to get an advertising campaign ready for a new client, an oddball condom manufacturer.
Around this time they meet Indraneel (Shayan Munshi, Neel for short), who is the son of their boss mr Kapoor and is joining the company.
Neel is an ace guitarist who has his own problems &mdash; he is attracted to a pretty girl, Preeti (Riya Sen) but cannot muster the courage to talk to her.
To make things worse, his father has decided that he is wasting his life and has given him an ultimatum &mdash; find a girl in two months or settle down with a wife his parents choose.
Rishi and Deep, though they tease him mercilessly, grow very fond of Neel, and he has a sure ally in Shanti.
Shanti, meanwhile, is trying to get Rishi to see sense and make up with Nicky.
There are a host of colourful supporting characters, among them a newlywed couple living above Deep's flat, Nicky's handsome lawyer, and the very sexy owner of a rival advertising agency.
How they resolve all their issues forms the rest of the story.
Amelia (Keener) and Laura (Heche) are childhood best friends.
Amelia is left feeling vulnerable when Laura and her boyfriend Frank get engaged.
She begins to date Bill (Kevin Corrigan), the local clerk at the video rental store she frequents.
Though she initially is off put by his looks and his obsession with scifi and horror films she begins to grow attracted to him when she learns he is working on a screenplay about the life of Colette.
The two have sex, however while Amelia is in the bathroom she receives a call from Laura asking how her date was with "the ugly guy".
Hurt after hearing this Bill abruptly leaves.
Meanwhile, since becoming engaged Laura, a therapist, has begun to fantasize about one of her patients.
She also allows the waiter at her local coffee shop to flirt with her and begins to pick fights with her fiancé.
Amelia becomes obsessed with Bill after sleeping with him but quickly becomes hurt and angry as he never calls her.
She asks her friend and former boyfriend Andrew (Liev Schreiber) why they broke up and he confesses that she places too much importance on her boyfriends.
After two weeks Amelia finally goes to the video rental store and snaps when Bill is polite but distant towards her.
He chases her down and tells her he heard from Laura's message that she called him ugly.
Amelia, Laura and Frank go to Amelia's parents' country cottage where Laura and Frank plan to get married.
While there Laura and Frank fight causing Frank to leave in the middle of the night.
Amelia receives obscene phone calls and calls Andrew, making him take the train to come and protect her.
After Andrew answers the phone causing the caller to stop calling Amelia and Andrew talk get drunk, talk about their past relationship and then go swimming together.
Laura and Frank go to a dinner where they hope to reconcile.
Frank gives Laura his biopsied mole in a box as a present as their last fight involved her anger at him for not getting it checked by a doctor.
Laura finds the present disgusting and leaves without making up with him.
Meanwhile, Amelia goes to see Bill at the video store where she learns that he is dating his ex.
She goes home where she and Andrew have dinner together and he explains how he broke up with a girl he was having phone sex with.
He then kisses Amelia and the two sleep together and she gives him the black leather pants that she bought him as a Christmas present that she never gave him since they broke up before Christmas.
Despite the fact that she has not reconciled with Frank, Laura continues to plan her wedding.
After going to see Amelia after a disastrous meeting with a wedding makeup artist the two end up fighting as Amelia accuses Laura of abandoning their friendship.
The two finally sit down to reconnect and Amelia tells Laura about reconnecting with Andrew before urging her to go make up with Frank.
Laura takes her advice to heart.
Laura reconnects with Frank.
On her wedding day she allows Amelia to do her makeup and hair like they had originally planned.
Laura tells Amelia that she believes that she and Andrew are going to make itThe two leave to go to the ceremony hand in hand.
Two people, living in Boston and unlucky in love – a nurse, Erin, whose activist boyfriend, Sean, has just walked out on their relationship to help a Native American tribe fight off a land development deal, and a plumber, Alan, struggling to pay off family obligations while pursuing a career as a marine biologist – deal with personal and professional problems and stumble through relationships, continually crossing one another's paths without ever truly meeting and realizing how perfect they are for one another.
Time and time again one almost catches the other's eye, but circumstances intervene.
Finally, after a series of ups and downs, both of their budding relationships with others crash and burn, just in time for a chance meeting on the MBTA train heading to Wonderland station, on the outskirts of Boston.
Aloysius McKeever (Victor Moore), a New York City hobo, makes his home in a boarded-up Fifth Avenue mansion, entering and exiting through a secluded utility manhole, while its owner, multi-millionaire ("the second richest man in the world") Michael O'Connor (Charles Ruggles), winters in the South.
McKeever winds up taking in homeless ex-GI.
Jim Bullock (Don DeFore), who has been evicted from an apartment building O'Connor is tearing down for a new skyscraper, and runaway 18-year-old Trudy "Smith" (Gale Storm) who is actually O'Connor's daughter.
Soon Jim invites war buddies Whitey (Alan Hale, Jr), Hank (Edward Ryan) and their families to share the vast mansion while they seek permanent homes of their own.
Trudy falls in love with Jim, and when her father demands to meet him, convinces O'Connor to also take up residence, pretending to be the panhandler "Mike".
She wants to win Jim's love without the temptation of her wealth.
McKeever "allows" Mike to move in, but treats him as a servant.
When Mike warns Trudy that he intends to have them all arrested for criminal trespass, she persuades her mother Mary (Ann Harding) to fly up from Florida and pretend to be the 11th interloper, a cook.
Determined to derail the budding romance, Mike has one of his construction companies offer Jim a great job in Bolivia, but Jim turns it down to pursue his dream.
The ex-GIs have an idea to buy a former Army camp and convert its barracks into inexpensive family housing.
Unbeknownst to either side, Mike and Jim get into a bidding war for the camp, which Mike wants for an air cargo terminal.
In the meantime, Mike and Mary reconcile when she believes he has changed.
All are celebrating Christmas Eve together, forgetting to hide as usual from the patrolmen who check the house every night, but the patrolmen agree to let the families stay until after the New Year.
Jim reveals that he and his partners have lost the camp to Michael O'Connor, and when Mike later defends his business dealings to Mary, she tells him he has not changed after all.
His dream shattered, Jim takes the job offer in Bolivia.
Mary and Trudy angrily tell Mike they are leaving for Florida the next day because of the way he has manipulated Jim.
Mike spins a tale that he has arranged a meeting with O'Connor for Jim and his partners, who are dubious but accept.
They are astounded to learn that Mike is actually Michael O'Connor.
O'Connor transfers the camp to them on the condition that they never reveal his true identity to McKeever.
That night, everyone shares a celebratory dinner before putting the house back "just the way we found it".
They see the still-unaware McKeever off as he heads to the O'Connors' mansion in Virginia, and Mike tells Mary remind him to nail up the board in the back fence because next winter McKeever will be coming in through the front door.
An older man, played by Paul Dooley, tries romancing a younger woman, played by Marta Heflin.
She is part of a travelling band of bohemian musicians who perform gigs in outdoor arenas around the country.
He joins them on the road and tries to fit into their communal lifestyle.
The film features multiple musical numbers.
Dave Randall, a jaded, womanizing, reality dating TV producer, runs into his old college crush, Kelly, and soon realizes his bar-hopping, bed-hopping ways are leaving him unfulfilled.
Dave has Kelly — the only woman he's ever loved — re-train him to become the nice guy he used to be.
Sal and Chester Hooton (Lamour and Hope), an old married couple, are visited by their equally old friend Duke Johnson (Crosby), and the three reminisce about their previous adventure in the Klondike.
The film flashes back to the turn of the century.
A man is murdered and two thugs, McGurk (Nestor Paiva) and Sperry (Robert Barrat), steal a map to a gold mine.
The map and mine belonged to a man named Van Hoyden and the dying man tells Sal (Van Hoyden's daughter) the mine is in Alaska and to find a man named Ace Larson.
Sal manages to get on the last boat to Alaska before McGurk and Sperry.
To evade the police, the thugs duck into a theater, where Duke and Chester are performing vaudeville.
They proceed to work the crowd with a "ghost scam" into "gambling" their money in hope of doubling it.
As the police find the thugs, they escape onstage and reveal Chester hiding under the table with the crowd's money.
Duke and Chester are forced to flee the angry mob.
As Duke divides their money, Chester is fed up with having to jump from town to town.
Duke convinces him to head north to Alaska to prospect for gold.
Chester refuses on the grounds that every time Duke gets a "great idea", Chester is the one that gets the runaround.
Chester then takes all the money and tells Duke to go on without him.
As McGurk and Sperry get on the boat bound for Alaska, Duke and Chester prepare to part ways.
As they bid a solemn goodbye, and picking each other's pocket, Duke steals the money.
Chester waves goodbye until he sees Duke counting the money and changes boats at the last moment.
He is about to throttle Duke when he realizes the boat has left the dock for Alaska.
In Duke's cabin, Chester takes the money back and puts it in a safe, which turns out to be a porthole.
With no money to pay for passage, they are forced to scrub the deck and shovel coal.
Sal arrives in Alaska and meets with Ace Larson (Douglass Dumbrille), a saloon owner and friend of her father.
Instead of going to the police, Larson assures Sal that he will take care of things.
He gives her a job performing in his saloon, an act which infuriates Larson's girlfriend, Kate (Hillary Brooke).
Larson tells Kate how he really plans to take Sal's gold mine for the two of them and passionately kisses her.
While doing housekeeping duties in a cabin, Chester finds the map to the gold mine.
As the thugs enter behind them, Duke and Chester realize they have found the Van Hoyden map and the occupants are the killers.
They overpower the thugs and take their place (and their beards) to get off the boat, only to find the entire town is terrified of the real thugs.
Thinking they can get anything they want, Duke and Chester adopt the tough persona and head to the saloon.
They argue over who gets to hold the map and decide to tear it in half and each man keep his for safe keeping.
While enjoying "free" champagne and lots of dancing girls, they see Sal's singing routine and are both instantly smitten.
Sal plays up to both of them and sends a note to Chester.
She doubts they are the real killers, but Ace's lackey, Lebec, reminds her to get the map at all costs.
Chester confides in Sal about the map, even telling her how Duke hid his half in his hat.
Sal sends him away but tells him to return at midnight.
Meanwhile, Duke receives a note from Sal, and thinking he's McGurk, Sal plays up to him, allowing Lebec to take his hat and the map.
She also sends him away telling him to return at midnight.
Duke and Chester are at first shocked to be on a date with the same woman, but the night is cut short when the real McGurk and Sperry burst into the hotel.
As they make a hasty exit, Sal learns she gave half of the map to Ace.
Duke and Chester manage to escape by dog sled.
Ace is furious to only have half a map, and sends Kate to the get the other half, with Lebec as a backup plan.
Kate tries to pull the "stranded girl in the snow" routine to attract Duke and Chester, but is interrupted by Sal's arrival.
The four of them head to a nearby cabin.
Kate tells Sal that they need to get the other half or the men will be killed.
After a failed attempt to get the map, Sal gets "McGurk" (Duke) to reveal "Sperry" (Chester) has hidden his half in his undershirt.
She plays to "McGurk" and tells him that "Sperry" wants to steal his half and they should run away together.
Duke reveals his true identity and says he'll take care of "Sperry" as Kate walks in.
Sal, now realizing how much she loves Duke, refuses to go along with the plan.
But Kate warns her that only Ace can keep them from being killed and the only way to get to him is to give up the map.
Sal reluctantly agrees to steal the map while the men sleep, and the two girls leave the next morning with Lebec.
Duke and Chester are confronted by the real McGurk and Sperry and they realize the girls had stolen the map.
They still manage to escape and the after a merry chase through the mountains head back to town.
Sal tells Ace she'll only give up the map if he refuses to kill Duke and Chester, but instead he forms a posse to dispose of them.
Somehow they managed to steal the map back, rescue Sal, scare away the mob and get rid of McGurk and Sperry.
They escape by dog sled with the mob after them but the sled overturns.
The ice splits, leaving Sal and Chester on one side, and Duke on the side of the mob.
He throws the map, wishes them well and turns to face the mob.
The movie flashes back into the present with aged Duke telling Sal and Chester how he escaped the mob.
He is then surprised to hear Chester and Sal have a son.
They call for him, and ironically he bears a striking resemblance to Duke.
Chester looks into the camera and says, "We adopted him".
Rebecca is a film actress, who is about to make her stage debut at Lincoln Center.
Her husband, Tom gave up a lucrative job in advertising to take care of their young daughter.
Occasionally, Tom and Rebecca have sex; once a year, they meet with their therapist, dr Beekman.
Tom and Rebecca's best friends are her brother Tobey, a sportswriter, and his girlfriend Elaine.
Elaine, who has been dating Tobey for seven years, has begun to feel the ticking of her biological clock.
Tom and Rebecca each face extramarital temptations.
Tom responds to a personal crisis that stems from his decision to choose kids over career by watching pornography and having an affair with a divorced mother from his son's school.
Rebecca is pursued on the set by a young costar, Jasper, who would like to be able to claim that he's bedded a famous actress.
Frank Keane (Robert Carlyle) is a baker grieving his wife's recent death and living in a near catatonic state.
Frank happens upon a car accident and meets the loquacious and insightful victim, Steve Mills (John Goodman).
Steve is on his way to an appointment in Pasadena to meet a childhood friend and asks Frank to go in his place.
Frank goes in search of Steve's friend and arrives at a ballroom dance class.
As the film progresses the story moves back and forth through the timeline of Steve's childhood, the accident scene, and the aftermath of Frank's first Lindy hop.
Steve's friend does not appear at the dance class, and Frank is uncomfortable being in an environment with so many people as a result of his depression.
However, he is drawn to shy student Meredith but is cautioned against talking to her by some of the other students.
Meredith's partner Randall is the star pupil of the class but is an obnoxious bully who takes an instant dislike to Frank and tries to intimidate him.
Frank's friends from grief therapy convince him to continue with the dance class and soon the entire therapy group has joined in.
It is also learned throughout the film that Frank's wife committed suicide, and that Frank suffers from depression as a result of his guilt from not being able to see something was wrong with her until it was too late.
As the class progresses Frank is found to have a natural talent for dance that surpasses Randall, who jealously slashes his tires in an attempt to scare the baker off.
Frank ignores the attack against the advice of others and forms a friendship with Meredith - who is revealed to be Randall's stepsister rather than abused girlfriend as was initially believed.
Meredith defends her stepbrother's behavior, explaining that it stems from the fact their father was a violent man who was physically abusive to them and Randall is overly protective of Meredith as a result.
Frank eventually scatters his wife's ashes; an act he had been unwilling to perform in the past, and begins to put his life back together.
He also tracks down Steve's childhood friend to inform her of Steve's passing.
Although she acts as if it isn't important, she is later shown looking at childhood pictures of Steve and shedding a tear.
Frank and Meredith, along with the other members of the dance class, continue to find friendship and healing in each other.
Charlie Sheen plays Ryan Turner, a hotshot broker living an upscale life in New York City with his shallow girlfriend Cindy Styne (Denise Richards).
One morning, he is playing golf with the owner of one of the biggest newspaper publishers of New York.
He tells Ryan of a huge merger between his company, Simpson Inc, and a large drug corporation.
Ryan, ecstatic that this could be his big break, calls all his clients and informs them of the huge deal that is going to happen and they all place large amounts of money into the merger.
However, the next day, Simpson reveals that there is not going to be a merger.
Ryan loses most of his own, and much of his clients' money in light of the news.
He storms over to Simpson's office, and Simpson tells Ryan that he personally screwed him over because Ryan was sleeping with his wife.
Ryan, now near bankrupt, sells his possessions and moves in with his girlfriend, Cindy.
Ryan tries to get another job at another brokerage, but his license is revoked.
Devastated, he loafs around, until Cindy tells him that she is leaving for Brazil with another man.
Cindy was working at a small newspaper as an advice columnist.
Ryan, since he can't get another job anywhere else, lies to the editor Page Hensen (Angie Harmon) and takes over the column.
Inexperienced at caring and giving solid advice, Ryan does poorly at first, and Page wants to get rid of "Cindy".
However, Ryan makes a real effort and begins giving good advice to the people writing in, and the column turns into a huge hit and Page's newspaper begins to sell more and more across the city.
Now, many people want to interview Cindy, but Ryan either tells them she does not give interviews or just sends them to the door.
Ryan begins to develop feelings for Page, feelings which turn out to be mutual, and they both have sex.
However, things didn't go so well for Cindy, and she comes back into town.
Simpson, who now wants Cindy's column for his own paper, is interested in buying.
Ryan and Page are caught in bed, and reveal everything to Cindy.
However, Cindy blackmails them, and moves to Simpson's company.
Ryan uses his brokerage skills to make some money off the combination of Cindy and Simpson.
Of course, Cindy ruins the whole transaction, as she is incapable of the compassionate advice that Ryan was offering in her stead, and soon Simpson's stock plummets.
Ryan and Page are engaged, and Ryan has since become a successful columnist in his own right.
Dan Burns is a newspaper advice columnist, a widower, and single-parent to his three girls.
The family takes a trip to the rambling, Rhode Island home of his parents for an annual family gathering.
Also in attendance are Dan's sister and brother with their families and Dan's younger brother Mitch.
The morning after their arrival, Dan meets Marie in a bookshop.
They share a muffin and a heart-felt chat, although Marie gently warns Dan that she has a boyfriend.
Dan returns to his parents' house and announces that he has 'met someone'.
Brother Mitch introduces his new girlfriend Annie.
Lo and behold, Dan's Marie is Mitch's Annie.
Dan is disheartened and resists his father's relationship advice about finding someone of his own.
Dan reluctantly agrees to a foursome dinner with their once unattractive childhood friend, "pig-faced" Ruthie.
Marie jealously watches Dan and Ruthie.
The next morning, Dan endures her 'punishment' for his late night with Ruthie by eating the burnt pancakes which she serves him.
Marie and Dan meet to talk at a bowling alley.
The meeting evolves into a date and finally a passionate kiss, but unfortunately Dan's entire family arrives to bowl.
Mitch punches Dan in the face, and Marie hurries out   The plot resolves with Dan and his daughters going to New York City, where they finally find Marie at her gym.
As he makes eye contact with her, Dan, in voice-over, tells the readers of his advice column that instead of merely planning ahead in life, they should "plan to be surprised".
The film ends with Dan and Marie celebrating their wedding at his parents' Rhode Island home, and Mitch happily dancing with Ruthie.
Sarah Michelle Gellar stars as Brett Eisenberg, an ambitious yet unconfident middle aged woman New York City assistant book editor living in the literary hotbed of Manhattan's Upper East Side.
Struggling to become a full-fledged editor, a task made harder after her mentor and boss is fired and replaced by Faye Falkner (Vanessa Branch), Brett meets the notorious and much older publishing playboy Archie Knox (Alec Baldwin).
After spending time with him she realises how unhappy she is with her immature boyfriend Jed (Chris Carmack) and breaks off their relationship in order to pursue one with Archie.
Archie is revealed to have several issues such as being an alcoholic, although he is almost three years sober; suffering from diabetes; and having an estranged daughter.
The age-gap between Brett and him is made clear through their different lifestyles, such as his lack of understanding how to use a Blackberry and Brett taking him to a candy shop.
Although this does not affect their relationship in the beginning—Brett appreciates the advice and confidence he gives her to stand up to her boss—she soon begins to resent his patronizing attitude.
He eventually begins drinking again and sleeps with another woman in order to break off their relationship.
At the same time, Brett is shown to be incredibly close to her father; she is seen constantly explaining her situation and asking for his advice.
While visiting her family home she is shocked to discover that he has cancer and that she was the last to know behind her brother Ethan (Ebon Moss-Bachrach), because her father felt she could not handle the news.
Feeling depressed and unwell, Brett makes an awful impression on a celebrity client until Archie appears and rescues the situation.
They decide to give their relationship another try and Brett introduces him to her family, who are uneasy with the age difference; her father especially after learning that Archie is an alcoholic when he is admitted to hospital.
Brett's father tells her that she shouldn't have to spend her life taking care of Archie.
Later, it is revealed that her father has died and Brett realizes she must finally deal with her problems without his support.
Following this, Archie proposes using the Blackberry Brett bought him but she turns him down, telling him that they see each other as teacher and student and not as equals.
She says she needs time to be happy and grow up on her own.
The end of the film finds Brett finally confident in herself as she finally wears a pair of leather pants she was previously too scared to wear, and editing her work in a decisive way by using a pen instead of a pencil, as is seen throughout the film.
Eddie Hopper is a construction contractor from Long Island, New York, with two grown daughters.
One of them, Betsy, is about to be married.
Money is tight in the Hopper household, but Eddie, much to the distress of his wife, Lola, decides that it is important to throw a lavish wedding to impress the well-off family of the man Betsy is to marry.
Everyone in the family is throwing advice Eddie's way, even the ghost of his father.
A new house Eddie is building is adding to his financial and emotional woes.
In desperation, he turns to his crooked brother-in-law, Oscar, who ends up getting Eddie involved with loan sharks.
A young man named Stevie Dee is sent to keep an eye on Eddie, but instead turns his gaze to Connie Hopper, who is not only a police officer but the bride's sister.
Betsy's wedding ultimately goes on as scheduled, but is disrupted by a torrential downpour of rain.
10-year-old Gabe meets an 11-year-old girl in his grade, Rosemary, who he's known since kindergarten.
But after being partnered with her for sparring in self-defense class, he suddenly notices her as a girl, not another face.
To Gabe's elation, they begin spending time together and he is completely enamored with not only her, but her life.
He takes her on a tour through Central Park, and another day they venture for fun across the city and use their self-defense skills to fight a bully named Daryl Kitzens and try to inspect an apartment for rent, worrying his nervous parents.
He discovers that Rosemary is soon leaving for camp for six weeks and won't be back until summer's end and her parents are planning to enroll her in a private school.
She lives with her loving upper-class parents, and on the edge of Central Park.
Rosemary's parents take him and Rosemary to hear a jazz pianist at The Carlyle, where the young twosome finally hold hands.
After the show, Rosemary's parents tell them to say goodnight and her parents go to get milk.
After the parents leave, Gabe and Rosemary begin talking, and he interrupts her by kissing her.
His daily exploits are followed and encouraged by the friendly concierge at his building.
Rosemary's family's life is in contrast to Gabe's; he lives with his soon-to-be-divorcing parents, who have declared an awkward truce while waiting for their divorce to be finalized.
As their relationship progresses, Gabe begins to question what is happening to him and why he is falling in love with Rosemary.
When things seem to be going perfectly, Gabe's world is suddenly turned upside down when he and Rosemary are assigned new sparring partners.
Gabe is instantly jealous of Rosemary's new partner: a taller blonde boy named Tim Staples, who's much better at self-defense than he is.
With their remaining time running out, Gabe tries to move closer to Rosemary, but only drives her away.
In a desperate move to win Rosemary back, Gabe attempts to show off for Rosemary, but painfully fractures his hand in the process.
Being crushed with what love really is, he learns from his father that the parents' marriage fell apart because of things left unsaid.
Realizing he is out of time, Gabe goes to find Rosemary.
He interrupts her during the wedding reception she is attending and declares his love.
Taken aback, Rosemary replies she doesn't think she is ready for love, but is really happy to see Gabe.
She asks for a dance and Gabe agrees.
As they dance, Gabe muses that he and Rosemary were on different paths — "like two ships that passed in Sheep Meadow".
He returns home to find his parents laughing over their honeymoon recollections.
Gabe is pleased and surprised when his father says he "cleared out some old stuff" and his parents appear to have reconciled.
They happily go out for dinner, and as the movie ends, Gabe, narrating, summarizes what Rosemary meant to him: ".
I'm never gonna get another first love.
That one's always gonna be her".
Raymond Woods, a junior manager in a bank in the City is becoming increasingly bored of his life as it takes a downhill tumble.
First he finds out that he has missed the promotion opportunity at work by his bad tempered and disapproving boss, Strothers, and then he catches his wife a couple of days before Christmas having an affair with Strothers.
Touching down in Rio, he calls a cab to take him to a nice hotel.
The cab driver, Paulo, takes him to a fairly run down hotel.
Raymond insists he needs a much nicer hotel with a beach, while Paulo insists Raymond would not be able to afford such a hotel, but suddenly changes heart once Raymond shows him a large wad of cash.
Paulo immediately befriends Raymond, with is eyes greedily on his cash as he owes the biggest Mafia leader in Rio money and insists that he is prepared to take Raymond wherever he needs to go and whatever he needs done can be done.
Therefore, Paulo takes Raymond to the nicest hotel in Rio.
Raymond trips up in a commotion at the door of the hotel, dropping his bag and spreading his cash all over the floor.
Once he hastily shuffles it all away, the hotel clerks immediately show him to the Presidential suite of the hotel and welcomes him to the hotel.
After a day of shopping, and generous spending Raymond reveals to Paulo he had originally come to Rio to look for the famous Samba dancer Orlinda.
On Christmas Day, Orlinda visits Raymond to give him a Christmas present.
Raymond is still angry at the fact that she has ended him up in this situation.
She tells him that she wished the money was only a small portion of what he owned and it wouldn't matter that she took it, and tells Raymond he's a "common crook".
Leaving the safe after being ordered out, she tells Raymond not to give up hope.
Raymond collects large portion of the money and claims its his.
Orlinda then meets up with Paulo who takes his taxi and ties a rope to pull away at the bars of Raymond's prison.
Raymond then decides he should return the money to the bank, as he still has enough time to get back to England and return the money to the vaults without anybody noticing it had gone.
He quickly buys a ticket back to London and hires a taxi driver to rush him back to the bank.
However when he arrives, the police are all over the building.
About to rush in and explain to the police inspector, he discovers that over the Christmas period, somebody had tunnelled into the vault and swiped the remainder of the money.
Confused and relieved Raymond leaves the bank and intends to return to Rio.
Catching a taxi, where a couple leave, he recognises them as his wife and Strothers who have evidently just returned from their holiday in Tenerife.
He tells his wife he'll leave her the address of where he's living in Rio to send the divorce papers, resigns from his job and goes back to Rio.
We next see him living with Orlinda and Paulo some years later with two babies and Bichero as his servant.
A man (Steve Coogan) who runs an alibi agency, a service for adulterous husbands and wives that provides airtight alibis, runs into trouble with his latest client.
In order to remedy the problem, he has to rely on a very enticing woman (Rebecca Romijn), his assistant/partner.
The plot thickens when he switches identities with one of his clients (James Marsden) for a weekend, and the client's girlfriend dies in an accident.
With the police, an assassin, and a jealous ex-boyfriend to run from, he discovers that he will need all the ingenuity he can muster to survive.
After foiling a purse snatcher who tries to steal Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman)'s purse on the subway, Matthew Saunders (Luke Wilson) becomes Jenny's "hero" and starts dating this shy stranger.
After several dates, Jenny displays increasingly neurotic and aggressive behavior, becoming more demanding and ultimately injuring Matt and destroying his bed the first time they have sex.
Soon after, Jenny reveals to him that she is in fact the voluptuous blonde superheroine, G-Girl, who accidentally received powers such as flight, superhuman strength, speed, and senses, invulnerability, super breath, and heat vision after she was exposed to radiation from a crashed meteorite as a teenager.
Jenny starts to become more controlling after she reveals her powers and Matt starts to lose his mind.
Hannah Lewis (Anna Faris), Matt's co-worker, has a crush on him despite the fact that she is going out with a handsome but shallow underwear model.
As Matt and Hannah's friendship develops further, and after becoming aggravated with Jenny's escalating jealousy, Matt ends the relationship.
An enraged Jenny vows to make Matt regret the decision, using her superpowers to publicly embarrass him, throwing his car into space and eventually causing him to lose his job as an architect when she strips him naked during an important meeting.
Professor Bedlam (Eddie Izzard), Jenny's former friend, and now G-Girl's nemesis, contacts Matt in order to enlist his aid in defeating her.
Matt refuses and makes plans to leave the city.
As he does so he is contacted by Hannah who has broken up with her cheating boyfriend, and after confessing their feelings to one another, they end up in bed.
Jenny (as G-Girl) discovers them in bed the next day.
Enraged and jealous, she attacks the pair with a great white shark.
Angered, Matt contacts Professor Bedlam and agrees to help him defeat her, as long as Bedlam retires from being a supervillain.
He instructs Matt to lure Jenny to a meeting where she can be exposed to another meteorite that will draw away her powers, leaving her a mere mortal.
Matt agrees and meets Jenny for a candlelit dinner at his apartment, under the pretense of wanting to resume their relationship.
Hannah arrives to see Jenny sitting on Matt's lap.
The two women fight, and in the struggle Jenny's superhero identity is revealed to Hannah.
Bedlam's trap is sprung, and the energy that gave Jenny her powers is drained back into the meteorite, incapacitating Jenny.
Professor Bedlam appears, but reveals that he has no intention of keeping his promise to retire from villainy and in fact plans to take the powers for himself.
While he and Matt fight, Jenny crawls to the charged meteorite attempting to regain her powers.
Hannah intervenes just as Jenny grabs the meteorite, which explodes in a burst of power.
Both Hannah and Jenny are catapulted off the roof, apparently to their deaths; Jenny appears within seconds, powers restored, threatening even more mayhem.
Only the unexpected reappearance of Hannah, who was also exposed to the meteorite's energies, and now possesses the same powers as G-Girl, saves Matt.
The second fight between Hannah and Jenny is a full-on super-brawl, destroying part of the neighboring properties.
Finally, Matt reasons with them both and they cease fighting.
He tells Jenny that Professor Bedlam is her true love.
Jenny agrees and she embraces her former nemesis.
The next morning, Matt and Hannah meet up with Professor Bedlam (now just "Barry") and Jenny.
As cries for help are heard from afar, Jenny and Hannah, who have become partners in crime-fighting, take off to tackle the emergency.
Matt and Barry are left holding their girlfriends' purses and clothes, and leave to have a beer together.
In the run up to Christmas, Lee Leander is arrested for stealing a bracelet from a New York City jewelry store.
The Assistant District Attorney, John "Jack" Sargeant, is assigned to prosecute her.
The trial begins just before Christmas, and rather than face a jury filled with the holiday spirit, Jack has the trial postponed on a technicality.
When he hears Lee complaining to her lawyer about spending Christmas in jail, Jack feels guilty and asks bondsman Fat Mike to post bail.
Fat Mike assumes that Jack wants to force Lee into an affair, and after freeing her he delivers Lee to Jack's flat.
Discovering that Lee is a fellow Hoosier, (a native of Indiana), and that she has nowhere to spend Christmas, Jack offers to drop her off at her mother's house on his way to visit his own family.
On the drive, Jack gets lost in Pennsylvania and the couple spends the night parked in a field.
The next morning, they are arrested by the landowner for trespassing and destruction of property, and taken to an unfriendly justice of the peace.
Lee starts a fire in his wastebasket as a distraction, and the pair flees.
Lee's mother has remarried, and does not want anything to do with her daughter, whom she considers a lost cause.
Jack decides to take Lee home to spend Christmas with his family.
She is warmly received by his cousin Willie, aunt Emma, and his mother, even after Jack reveals Lee's past.
On New Year's Eve, Jack kisses Lee at a barn dance, and later that night his mother goes to Lee's bedroom for a talk.
She reveals that the family was poor during Jack's childhood, and that he worked hard to put himself through college.
She asks Lee to give Jack up, rather than jeopardize his career, and Lee agrees.
On the way back to New York via Canada (to bypass Pennsylvania), Jack tells Lee that he loves her, and tries to persuade her to jump bail, but she refuses.
Back in New York, Jack tries to throw Lee's case by acting harsh and aggressive to her and the jury.
Jack's boss has been alerted to the affair, and secretly listens outside the courtroom.
Realizing that Jack may damage his career, Lee insists on changing her plea to guilty.
As she is led away, Jack wants to marry Lee on the spot.
She refuses, saying that if he still feels the same way when she has served her sentence, and he has had time to consider his decision, they can marry.
Johnny Walker (Hall) is the top high school quarterback prospect who is heavily recruited by many schools.
His best friend, Leo Wiggins (Downey), thinks he should hold out for the best offer.
His girlfriend, Georgia (Thurman), wants him to go to State with her and get a solid education.
The colleges offer him everything he could possibly want — girls, cars, cash, free room and board, etc.
One school even buys Leo a car, while another offers to provide him with male companions if he isn't interested in women.
His coach, Wayne Hisler (Gleason), who he really can't stand, even tries to sell him out by striking a deal with one of the interested colleges to become their next head coach.
Although he has all the skills a coach would want in a quarterback, he is unsure where he wants to go and is tempted by the offers because of all of the praise and attention.
His recruitment is followed closely by a recruiting investigator (Downey, Sr) who is trying to make sure everything is on the "up and up".
Although Johnny lives with his mother, grandfather, younger brother and sister, he is offered everything and anything by every interested college except for the local state college, which is where he ends up going when he uses his moral compass to make the decision.
The first scene begins with a young couple awakening in bed, after a one-night stand.
An older teen, Edith Alice “Breezy” Breezerman (Kay Lenz) hops out of bed, gets dressed, and steps into the daylight.
Breezy lost her parents years before in an auto accident, and has taken the lifestyle of a homeless free-spirited hippie in California.
That same morning, Frank Harmon (William Holden) is bidding farewell to his overnight guest, a very beautiful blonde that openly shows interest in him.
He is only humoring her as she leaves, and the audience gets the first sense of how detached he is emotionally.
Middle-aged, divorced and wealthy from his work in real estate, Frank lacks for nothing material.
His beautiful post-modern home is the setting for much of the movie.
After escaping a bad hitchhiked ride with an unstable stranger, Breezy loiters near Frank’s home, and runs to him as he’s leaving for work.
She invites herself into his car and happily insists that he give her a ride to her destination.
Again, we see the never-smiling Frank who is now annoyed by the insistence of this young and loquacious girl.
Carefree and true to her name, Breezy steals the show with both her charm and her lack of self-awareness.
The next scenes develop their friendship, showing Frank’s jaded personality as he becomes slowly more loving toward Breezy.
He takes a fatherly approach and gives her room/board, but never acts on sexual opportunities.
In a separate side story, he’s conflicted about love lost: a woman named Betty Tobin (Marj Dusay).
There is no formal backstory, but it’s clear that they have a history romantically.
Betty seems to gently explain she is getting married to a man she very much loves, and Frank pensively accepts this news.
There are discussions at their business lunch of how she has made certain life realizations, with an unsaid declaration that Frank is stunted emotionally.
As Betty puts it, he’s “lost”.
They part as friends, clearly showing that they have mutual respect.
Frank and Breezy’s relationship continues to strengthen platonically, and he protects her from trouble.
He introduces her to the finer things in life, while Breezy stays true to her humility and charm.
On a side note, Frank’s friend and workout buddy Bob Henderson (Roger Carmel) is grappling with his own mid-life crisis.
He’s not able to end his devoid marriage, which could be perceived as proof that a constrained life is no life at all.
Frank takes this into consideration, while still growing closer to Breezy.
They consummate their relationship at his home, which is now the protective fortress that allows them to freely express their relationship.
Some of the conflicts in this plot are that Breezy maintains friendships with her own peers who are starkly opposite of Frank; they are hippies and carefree, “unwashed” as referenced by Frank.
Frank’s friends are established and successful, and while they never seem to question his relationship with her, the imploring question of guilt is rampant in Frank’s mind.
He cannot abide that he, at approximate age 50, is in a relationship with a teenager.
These conflicts eventually break him, after a sobering discussion with Bob in a sauna.
Bob reveals that there is no way he himself could embark on such a relationship, as he might feel like a “child molester”.
He has no intention of being insulting, and is in fact admiring Frank, but Frank’s facial expressions convey his own self-loathing.
All of his shared joys with Breezy, such as their adopted stray dog and “us against the world” mentality, don’t stop them from parting ways.
Frank simply cannot cope with the age issue.
Time goes on, and the final dramatic twist involves a death.
It is this experience that brings Frank to an epiphany: life is short, and his own projected insecurities are his true enemies.
He finds Breezy at a park, where they reunite and start their new life together.
"Bronco Billy's Wild West Show" is a rundown traveling circus, the star of which is Bronco Billy McCoy (Clint Eastwood), the "fastest gun in the West".
For the show's finale, a blindfolded Bronco Billy shoots balloons around a female assistant on a revolving wooden disc, and for the last balloon, he throws a knife.
However, the assistant moves her leg and is nicked, so she quits.
The show is not making any money, and nobody has been paid for six months.
The show moves on to a new town and Bronco Billy goes to city hall to get a permit.
He bumps into Antoinette Lily (Sondra Locke) and John Arlington (Geoffrey Lewis), who are there to be married.
Antoinette despises her future husband, but has to marry before she is thirty in order to inherit a large fortune.
Their car breaks down at the motel opposite the Wild West Show.
The next morning, Arlington steals all her money and their repaired car.
She is left to fend for herself.
Bronco Billy talks Antoinette into becoming his new assistant, "Miss Lily," though she only agrees to do one show.
Her first performance is unusually successful, although Miss Lily irritates Billy by not sticking to the script.
Antoinette discovers that Arlington has been arrested for her murder (framed by Antoinette's stepmother and her scheming lawyer friend, who stand to gain her inheritance).
Seizing the chance to get even with Arlington, Antoinette rejoins the Wild West Show.
She discovers that none of the performers are real cowboys: they are mostly ex-convicts or alcoholics (or both).
Bronco Billy was a shoe salesman who shot his wife for sleeping with his best friend.
Nevertheless, Miss Lily begins to warm to the troupe.
Two of the show's performers announce that they are going to have a baby.
The crew goes to a bar to celebrate.
One gets arrested by police who discover that he is a deserter from the Army.
Bronco Billy uses the show's meager savings to bribe the sheriff into letting the man go, swallowing his pride and enduring the sheriff's verbal humiliations for his friend's sake.
Then the circus tent burns down.
Everyone blames Miss Lily for their bad luck, but Bronco Billy defends her and proposes that they rob a train.
They try to do this in the standard Western way (riding alongside and jumping on), but a modern train proves to be resistant to such an approach and they give up.
Next, the troupe travels to a mental institution at which they have previously performed pro bono.
The head of the institution, who is obsessed with the Wild West, agrees to provide them with accommodation and to supply a new tent, and the inmates sew one out of American flags.
Miss Lily and Bronco Billy spend the night together.
By chance, one inmate turns out to be Arlington (he had been paid by the crooked lawyer to confess to being mentally disturbed when he "murdered" Antoinette).
When he sees her, he raises a fuss and gets released.
Bronco Billy and the show depart without Miss Lily.
Antoinette returns to a luxurious lifestyle, but she is bored and misses Billy, who drowns his loneliness with alcohol.
The two reunite when Miss Lily returns to the circus.
Harold Hall, a young man with little or no acting ability, desperately wants to be in the movies.
After a mix-up with his application photograph, he gets an offer to have a screen-test, and goes off to Hollywood.
At the studio, he does everything wrong and causes all sorts of trouble.
But he catches the fancy of a beautiful actress, and eventually the studio owner recognizes him as a comic genius.
Katya Livingston is an ad exec living in San Francisco.
Her accountant goes to prison and advises her to keep a journal of all of her expenses as she is sure to be audited.
Katya is vain and selfish, trying to keep up with society by wearing designer knock offs and trying to get in to all of the hottest clubs.
She is best friends with Eliza: a well meaning do-gooder, Ferguson: a gay male escort with self esteem issues and a long list of ex boyfriends, and Frangiapani: a woman that has been married several times.
Katya finds out about the Royal Ball, a benefit for Youth Aid International and the biggest social event of the season.
It will be thrown by socialite sisters Dove and Fawn Greenstein.
She finds out that she has not been invited because of an indiscretion she mistakenly had with Dove Greenstein's husband on their wedding day and then later revealed Dove's real age to a local tabloid.
She is desperate to go, especially when she finds out all of her friends are going.
Margaret Harwood (Miller), the mousy daughter of esteemed wine merchant Sir Mason Harwood (Richardson), discovers a magnum of wine, vintage 1811, bearing Napoleon's seal.
Sir Mason instantly offers it to his best customer,T.
Kelleher (Rimmer), who sends his friend, Oliver Plexico (Daly) to retrieve it.
Three other interested parties converge on the valuable rarity: a Greek billionaire, to whom Margaret's unscrupulous brother has independently sold the bottle; an amoral French scientist (Jourdan), who believes it contains the secret to a rejuvenation formula that he will kill to obtain; and a murderous thug (Brimble), who wants to sell it himself.
The bottle changes hands several times as the parties race across Europe from the Scottish Highlands to Èze.
In the end, the criminals are defeated, and Margaret and Oliver fall in love.
Sir Mason offers the bottle in private auction to both the legitimate "owners", but they are outbid by Oliver, who is revealed as a multimillionaire adventurer scientist.
Against advice, Oliver opens the $5 million bottle and freely shares the excellent wine.
The movie begins with Kate (Brittany Snow) discussing her mother Lori's (Jenny McCarthy) series of bad relationships which always causes them to move to a new town.
She and her mother move to a suburb of Portland, Oregon and Kate gets a job as a waitress.
While at work, she sees popular local boy John Tucker (Jesse Metcalfe) on dates with three different girls: Carrie (Arielle Kebbel), a chronic overachiever; Heather (Ashanti), who is head cheerleader; and Beth (Sophia Bush) a promiscuous and liberal vegan activist.
Kate learns from a co-worker that he dates girls from different cliques at his school so that they never interact and convinces the girls he dates to keep their relationships secret.
One day in gym class, Kate, Carrie, Heather and Beth end up on the same team for a volleyball game.
During the game, Carrie brags about being with John Tucker, and the girls learn about his scheme.
Carrie, Heather and Beth begin fighting.
Kate tries to intervene, only to get all four of them sent to detention for the fight.
Later that evening, the girls enlist Kate's help in seeking revenge against John Tucker.
Meanwhile, Kate becomes friends with John's brother Scott (Penn Badgley), better known as "The Other Tucker".
The girls' initial attempts to undo John (making people believe he has genital herpes and with Heather undermining his confidence by pranking him with estrogen, causing him to become weak and say strange things about himself) initially work in humiliating John, but eventually backfire as John manages to use them to his advantage.
After he breaks up with all three girls, they agree that breaking his heart is the ideal revenge.
They then enlist Kate to be the heartbreaker.
Kate joins the cheerleading team in order to get John's attention, and the girls give her advice on how to act around John and spy on the dates using surveillance equipment.
Kate also gets a make over and John immediately notices Kate and tries to win her attention, but Kate dismisses him.
With his ego insulted that there is a girl he cannot charm, John becomes determined to get her.
Kate and John eventually go on a series of dates, the first of which at a bonfire at the beach.
Kate is unprepared after John asks to take her home and Beth intervenes to teach her how to kiss.
However, John arrives, forcing Beth to hide in the back of his Land Rover.
At her house, Kate manages to buy Beth time to escape by kissing John, with Beth's skirt being ruined in the process after getting it caught in the car's door.
The plan seems to be working as John relentlessly chases after Kate, even going to her house in the middle of the night while talking to her on the phone at the same time (where Kate tells him that she needs to call the police because there is a stalker outside the house, and John drives away in panic, hitting a trash can).
The next date is a romantic boat ride, and Kate and John have a good time together.
Beth later notices that Kate is starting to fall for John.
To counteract this, Carrie tapes John bragging to his friends in the locker room, saying he'll be scoring "more than baskets" at the away game, and shows the tape to Kate in order to get her to snap out of it.
The girls try another plan to embarrass John Tucker at a hotel on the night of the away game.
Kate seduces John on a video-chat and tells him to put on a woman's thong and climb out of his room and into hers.
He is misled and climbs into a teacher's room and ultimately becomes the laughingstock of the school.
John again uses this to his advantage, starting a fashion trend that helps the boys in the basketball team play better.
Meanwhile, Kate's mother and Scott both discover the plan and lament the change in Kate's behavior.
Afterward, Kate tells John that she heard about what he said in the locker room about her.
John makes amends by giving her his watch and asking her to be his girlfriend.
Kate tells Heather, Carrie and Beth that she wants to be out of the plan, as whether they are dating or plotting to destroy John Tucker, it is still all about him.
At John's birthday party, the tape the girls made of John's destruction is played, and Kate reveals the entire plot as John stares in disbelief, seemingly hurt.
Heather, Beth, and Carrie defend her after a guest throws his drink at Kate.
Still, John Tucker becomes unfazed, and the party devolves into a cake fight.
A few days later, John and Kate agree to be friends, and John resolves to be honest.
Scott, happy that Kate confessed, becomes her lab partner again, and it is hinted the two will begin dating.
Kate is now good friends with Beth, Carrie, and Heather.
Kate finishes saying, "as for the girl who made John Tucker fall in love, well, she's a legend".
After the credits, Kate warns viewers at home wanting to try this that destroying a man has consequences, and the camera pans to several male teachers bending over to grab some papers, all wearing thongs.
Tom Stansfield (Ashton Kutcher) is a researcher at a publishing company who works under the tyrannical Jack Taylor (Terence Stamp).
Tom has a crush on his boss' daughter, Lisa Taylor (Tara Reid), who is completely controlled by her overprotective father.
She reveals to Tom that her father is making her house-sit on the same night as a party she wants to attend, but Tom convinces her to stand up to her father and attend the party anyway.
Lisa asks him to come to their house that night, leading Tom to think that she has invited him to the party; in reality, she just wants him to fill in for her - he reluctantly agrees.
A comedy of errors ensues, including the return of Lisa's older brother, Red, on the run from drug dealers.
Red dumps drugs into the toilet, and instead returns a bag of flour to the drug dealer.
One of Tom's tasks is to guard their owl, O-J, which lives in an open cage (it has not been able to fly due to a deep depression, from the loss of a prior mate).
When the bird drinks from the toilet polluted with drugs, it flies away.
Jack Taylor's ex-secretary Audrey goes to the house to try to earn her job back.
After fighting with her boyfriend, she stays over at the house.
Lisa returns home after finding out that her boyfriend Hans is cheating on her.
Tom hides from her everything that happened and she spends some time with him thinking he is homosexual.
He clarifies to her that he's actually straight and she starts to like him.
Audrey's friend thinks she has breast cancer and asks Tom to feel her breasts.
Lisa walks in on them and is disgusted by the situation.
J, the drug dealer, finds out about the fake drugs and threatens to kill Tom if he doesn't return him his moneyJ.
tries to open a safe and steal the money.
However, Tom gives him sleeping pills mixed with alcohol which sends him into a coma.
Because they thinkJ.
is dead, Audrey and her friends bury him.
Later,J.
escapes from the grave and threatens to kill Lisa.
With Red's help, Tom rescues Lisa and she falls in love with him.
He then goes to get her father, but on the way back the owl gets into the car making Tom lose control of the car and crash into the house.
They find police officers in the house looking forJ, who ends up getting arrested.
Jack Taylor is enraged by the damages done to the house and throws Tom out.
The next day, Jack Taylor hears his son explaining to Lisa how she should stand up to their father and goes back to Tom.
Jack realizes his mistakes and gives Tom a promotion.
Vivacious Lady is a story of love at first sight between a young botany professor named Peter Morgan Jr.
(Stewart) and a nightclub singer named Francey (Rogers).
The film also has comedic elements, including repeatedly frustrated attempts by the newlywed couple to find a moment alone with each other.
The story begins when Peter is sent to Manhattan to retrieve his playboy cousin Keith (Ellison) and immediately falls in love with Francey.
After a whirlwind one-day courtship, Peter and Francey get married, and they and Keith return to the Morgan family's home, where Peter teaches at the university run by his father Peter Morgan Sr.
(Coburn).
mr Morgan is known for being a proud, overbearing man, so Peter is afraid to tell him about the marriage.
When they arrive, mr Morgan and Peter's high-society fiancée Helen (Mercer) initially take Francey for another of Keith's girlfriends.
While Peter decides how to approach his father with the news, Francey stays at a women-only hotel, and Peter and Keith introduce her as a new botany student.
Peter mentions Francey to his father twice, but on both occasions, mr Morgan interrupts and ignores his son, and when Peter becomes insistent, his apparently ailing mother (Bondi) has a flare-up of her heart condition, making any further conversation impossible.
For his third attempt, Peter decides to announce the marriage to his parents at the university's student-faculty prom.
Keith brings Francey to the prom as his own guest, and Francey, still posing as a student, develops a friendly rapport with mrs Morgan, but gets into a nasty brawl with Helen in which Francey accidentally punches Peter's father.
Peter says nothing at the prom, but blurts the news to his father just as mr Morgan is about to give an important speech, resulting in another argument and another flare-up of mrs Morgan's heart condition.
This prevents mrs Morgan from learning who Francey is, but she accidentally finds out from Francey herself during a conversation in Francey's apartment.
mrs Morgan accepts the news happily, and admits to Francey that she pretends to have heart trouble any time her husband gets into an argument, but mr Morgan demands that Francey leave Peter, threatening to fire him if she doesn't.
Francey agrees to leave, but the incident releases thirty years of marital frustration in mrs Morgan, who also decides to leave her husband.
Francey tells Peter she will leave him unless he can change his father's mind before her train departs.
Peter's solution is to threaten the family with disgrace by getting drunk and otherwise misbehaving until his father relents, even if it costs him his job.
Peter passes out before he can reach the train, which departs with both Francey and mrs Morgan aboard, but mr Morgan, having finally yielded to the combined pressure of his son and wife, stops the train by driving ahead of it with Peter and parking the car on the track.
Both marriages are saved, and Peter and Francey finally have their honeymoon on the train.
Karel Novak (Lederer), an incredibly naive Czech immigrant, arrives in New York with $58; but now he must have $200 or be sent back.
Novak escapes from the ship and is rescued by dock workers; but he loses his money.
He wanders the streets and eats food left by chorus girls.
Sylvia Dennis (Rogers) questions him.
He refuses money but wants a job.
Two women suggest an institution for Sylvia's brother Frank (Jimmy Butler), because he missed two days of school.
Sylvia says no.
Sylvia gives Karel blankets to sleep on the roof, and she explains about the Depression.
Frank shares his job selling newspapers with Karel and takes over after school.
Karel does not admit he was fished out of the river and so does not get his $58 back.
He asks the police officer Murphy (J.
Farrell MacDonald) if someone could get in trouble for helping someone if they didn't know he was an illegal alien.
Karel shows Sylvia his taxi; but she says her show has closed.
He is glad to be the head of the house for his friend.
Karel comes home early because of a strike and helps Sylvia with the washing.
She hopes to marry a rich man; but he kisses her.
The two women ask the landlady if Novak is living in Sylvia's apartment.
Sylvia goes to court for Frank.
The judge (Oscar Apfel) says she is 19 and asks about Novak, who explains the situation is innocent.
The judge says Sylvia must give up Frank to an institution until she is married.
Frank packs; Karel walks out, and Sylvia cries.
Karel goes to Murphy and asks how to get married.
Murphy says he only needs $2 and maybe his naturalization papers.
So Karel goes to attorney Halsey Pander (Arthur Hohl), who asks for $50 and promises to make him a citizen right away.
Karel goes back to drive a taxi even though he gets beat up because of the strike.
Sylvia tells Karel that she and Frank are leaving.
Karel asks her to marry him.
Sylvia says no but changes her mind.
A man comes to take Frank.
Karel tells Sylvia he is in the country illegally but expects to be made a citizen.
Karel is arrested, as Pander is turning him in for money.
Murphy intervenes, and the police sergeant (Sidney Toler) makes calls to arrange a marriage license and to hire a minister (Donald Meek).
Murphy arrests Pander for speeding and calls immigration.
Karel is vaccinated at the police station, and he and Sylvia are married.
Elgar Enders (Beau Bridges), a man who lives off his parents' wealth, buys himself an inner-city tenement, in the transitional neighborhood of 1970 Park Slope, Brooklyn, planning to evict all the occupants and construct a luxury home for himself.
However, once he ventures into the tenement, he gradually grows fond of the low-income black residents who dwell there.
Enders decides to remain as the landlord, and help fix the apartment building.
He rebels against his WASP upbringing, and to his parents' dismay, he romances two black women.
Elgar falls for Lanie (Marki Bey), a dancer at a local black club.
Lanie is a beautiful black woman who has a mother of Irish descent, and a father of African descent, thus she has light skin and features, and has experienced colorism because of it.
Their relationship is strained, as Elgar has an affair with one of his tenants, Fanny (Diana Sands), and gets her pregnant.
Consequently, her boyfriend Copee (Louis Gossett, Jr), a black activist with an identity crisis, is enraged when he finds out about the pregnancy, and tries to kill Elgar with an axe.
He ultimately stops.
The Enders family is shaken and stirred by their son's decisions and behavior, but reluctantly accepts him.
Ultimately, Fanny gives the child up for adoption to start a new life.
The story ends with Elgar taking custody of child, mending his relationship with Lanie, and moving in with her and the baby.
The film is narrated in flashback by Jake Briggs (Eric Stoltz), a young aspiring playwright, culminating in the production of one of his plays off-Broadway by agent Carl Fisher (Tony Curtis).
The play is a flop, at least in part because the lead parts are given to two actors, Dana Coles and Jason Brett (Kathleen Turner and Chris Noth), who are "not right" for the roles.
Along the journey, Jake reviews his relationships with girlfriend Joanne (Mary-Louise Parker), best friend Chris (Ralph Macchio), his mother Shirley (Jill Clayburgh), and his mostly absentee father Roman (Paul Guilfoyle).
The film ends with Jake and Joanne going their separate ways, mostly because of competing career goals, and Jake hoping to write more plays with greater success.
The owners of Shadow the Golden Retriever (voiced by Ralph Waite), Sassy the Himalayan cat (Sally Field), and Chance the American Bulldog (Michael Fox) decide to take a family trip to Canada.
At the San Francisco International Airport, the animals escape after Chance panics with mistaking airport workers as the workers at the dog pound ("The Bad Place" as Chance puts it) and breaks free from his carrier.
After eluding airport authorities, the animals find themselves in the city of San Francisco, with home on the other side of the Golden Gate Bridge.
During the journey Chance bumps into a Boxer called Ashcan and his Bullmastiff friend Pete.
Annoyed he refuses to let them past but Shadow tries to tell them they are just trying to get home.
They do not listen and say they are going to eat Sassy.
She hides on a window sill and Shadow and Ashcan fight.
After a few seconds Sassy yells to Shadow that they have reinforcements, but it turns out to be, as Pete calls them, "Riley's gang".
They help them, saying that the city is not a place for pets.
Shadow explains they are lost and Riley points out that Chance is missing, who fled as the gang arrived.
Riley calls his friend Delilah, a Kuvasz, to run after him.
She finds him in a light alley and explains why she was chasing him.
As the other members of the gang are walking down the street, they see, what they call, the "Blood Red Van" and hide.
Shadow asks what it is for and Riley explains it takes dogs of the streets to a place called the lab.
After it passes, Shadow asks Riley if he can help him and Sassy find a golden bridge, which he remembers passing on the way there.
Riley explains that he could not because a bridge means cars and cars means humans and he does not trust humans.
So they thank him for his help and head off to look for the bridge themselves.
Meanwhile, Delilah and Chance are walking in the park.
He explains why they are in the city, and when he asks her why Riley does not like humans she explains that he was abandoned as a puppy and decided to make a home for other stray dogs to protect them from all humans.
Chance realizes he has fallen in love with Delilah and they head out of the park.
Later while walking down a street Pete and Ashcan notice Shadow and Sassy walking down it too.
They plan to jump at them but miss their chance.
Round the corner Shadow sees a house on fire and remembers it holds that little boy named Tucker and his cat they met earlier before Chance scared him back inside.
Realizing they are still in there after hearing Tucker's parents and the fire chief preparing to send firefighters in to find him, he runs in through the basement window and looks for them.
Sassy goes in after him and looks for the kitten.
Shadow comes out a few moments later with Tucker right behind him, then Sassy appears with the kitten.
Tucker thanks them and they continue on.
As they cross the street, Riley and his gang tell them that they did a great job rescuing the boy and kitten and say they can stay with him until they find Chance.
As they return to the gang's hideout they see Delilah and Chance already there.
Riley tries to explain that they are different, but they will not listen and head outside.
The next day, Chance sees a tire and begins to chew on it but does not notice the "Blood Red Van" driving through the gates.
While all the other dogs are inside, Chance is captured and is about to be driven to the lab.
While driving off, the van is stopped by the gang, Chance and the other dogs are set free, and it reverses into the river after the dogs scare away the drivers.
Delilah then explains to Chance that Riley is right and they could not be together.
He gets upset and runs off.
By this time, Riley has told Shadow if humans mean that much to him he will take them to the bridge.
On their way home, before crossing the bridge, they are ambushed by Ashcan and Pete, but Chance appears and fights them off.
They cross the bridge and are found by their owners on a road after Chance is almost run over by a truck.
They return home, but Chance is still upset about Delilah, but then he sees her appear from around the corner and they are reunited.
Bob agrees she can stay, much to Chance's glee, and they continue with their picnic with Chance hogging the pizza.
A heatwave has hit Torquay, bringing Basil's incompetence—not to mention his intolerance—to an all-time high.
When he realises that the two young lovers Alan and Jean, who are checking in, aren't married, he tries to force them into single rooms on separate floors.
Meanwhile, mrs Peignoir, an attractive French antique dealer, seems to have taken a shine to Basil, much to Sybil's annoyance.
Alan returns to the lobby and asks Basil if he knows whether any chemists are still open.
Basil initially assumes he wants to buy condoms, then when Alan says he wants batteries Basil - still assuming it must be sex-related - tells him that is "disgusting".
When Alan explains that he wanted batteries for his electric razor, Basil tries to save the situation.
Later that evening, mrs Peignoir arrives home and drunkenly trips over Basil as he crouches on the floor picking up her purse that she has dropped, ending up sitting on him.
At that moment Alan and Jean also arrive, witnessing what appears to them to be a very intimate situation.
Later that same night Manuel, who had been out celebrating his birthday, returns home drunk with his umbrella (a birthday gift from Basil) outside Basil and Sybil's door and accidentally hits Basil over the head with the umbrella.
As Basil crumples to the floor in pain, Manuel drunkenly sits over him, saying "Mr Fawlty, I love you, I love you.
".
and once more Alan walks in on the situation.
Then Basil strangles Manuel.
Jean's mother and stepfather mr and mrs Lloyd arrive next morning.
Basil soon notices strange going-ons between the Lloyds, Jean, Alan, and Polly.
For example, Basil accidentally walks in on Jean hugging mr Lloyd, and not realising that they are family he tries to keep mrs Lloyd from the room where he saw them embracing.
He shows her the kitchen, where Manuel is sleeping off the previous night's celebration in the linen basket.
Finally he lets her up to the room, only to discover Polly (a family friend of the Lloyds) is now hugging mr Lloyd.
He again distracts the now very edgy mrs Lloyd by showing her another room, explaining that the Lloyds' room is not as nice.
When mrs Lloyd enters the room, she realies that it is exactly the same as the one Basil showed her.
As he is leaving the room, Basil hears loud moaning noises from Alan and Jean's room and Polly hurries out, dressing herself (she has been trying on a dress Jean made for her and the moaning was because Jean had been massaging Alan's shoulders).
Thinking the worst, Basil prepares to fire Polly and tells the Lloyds to leave.
Sybil explains that they are one family and that Polly went to school with Jean, and has known them for years.
Basil, feeling shocked and stupid for his actions, argues with Sybil about apologising to them, saying sarcastically "No, no, I suppose it's all my fault, isn't it.
" But Sybil insists and advises him to "Tell them you made a mistake".
So he rehearses the apology (to Sybil, to Polly, to himself and to empty space) "I'm so sorry, I made a mistake", but by the time he reaches the guests' room, the sentence has become "I'm so sorry, but my wife has made a mistake.
"  Sybil's good friend Audrey has split up from her husband, much to Basil's irritation as she's constantly on the phone and repeating the phrase 'Ooh, I know'.
She goes to visit Audrey the following day and, as Major Gowen puts it, "listen to all that rubbish" while consoling her friend.
A flirtatious mrs Peignoir tries to charm Basil that night while Sybil is away, and he is very jumpy in the evening.
As he tries to undress someone keeps knocking at his door, and he believes it to be mrs Peignoir trying to seduce him again.
However, when he realises it is actually Sybil returned early, he opens the door and unconvincingly says "Oh, what a terrible dream," trying to explain his previous whispers to mrs Peignoir (as he thought) to go away.
Sybil, however, doesn't notice his odd behaviour, as she tells Basil that she has heard a burglar downstairs.
Both are unaware that it is actually Manuel, who has awakened from the linen basket, still hung over.
Basil quietly creeps downstairs in his underwear and hits 'the burglar' over the head with a frying pan.
Manuel is revealed unconscious, and Basil crouches over him in the foyer.
Just as Basil realises who it is, Alan, Jean and the Lloyds walk into the hotel, where they are confronted by the sight of Basil apparently lying on top of Manuel with no trousers on.
They creep past, bemused by his behaviour, and Mr Lloyd, slightly drunk, says to Basil "We've been to a wedding".
In frustration and humiliation, Basil draws back the frying pan for a final vengeful clout.
Brought up in poverty, hotel manicurist Regi Allen wants to marry a rich husband.
Her new client, wheelchair-using hotel guest Allen Macklyn is immediately attracted to her and becomes her confidant.
Despite his obvious wealth, Regi does not view him as a potential husband, and has no qualms about telling him about her goal in life.
Exiting his penthouse suite, she encounters a man playing hop-scotch in the hallway, and declines his invitation to join him.
He makes an appointment for a manicure as Theodore Drew III, scion of a socially prominent family.
Unaware that the Drews were bankrupted by the Great Depression, she accepts his invitation to dinner.
They have a good time, but Ted drinks too much and tells Regi that he is engaged to Vivian Snowden, heiress to a pineapple fortune.
When Regi is unable to wake him from his drunken slumber, she lets him sleep on her sofa.
He explains to her that he was supposed to sail to Bermuda last night (a trip paid for by his future father-in-law) and that he has nowhere to stay and no money.
Regi reluctantly lets him live in her apartment until his boat returns from Bermuda, at which time he can return to sponging off of Vivian.
Ted and Regi confess to each other that they intend to marry for money.
Ted and Regi play fun pranks on each other.
In the first one, Ted frightens away Regi's date by pretending to be her abusive husband.
Later, in order to convince Vivian that he is in Bermuda, Ted persuades Regi to telephone Vivian while posing as a Bermuda telephone operator.
When Regi repeatedly interrupts in a nasally voice, Ted hangs up to avoid laughing in his fiancee's hearing.
However, this backfires, as Vivian discovers that the call came from New York when she tries to reconnect.
She hires private investigators to find out what is going on.
In the course of their stay together, Ted and Regi fall in love.
On their last night before the boat returns, they admit their mutual love, but Regi ends the relationship, insisting that Ted would resent having given up his chance to be wealthy if he were to marry her.
Early the next morning, Ted leaves without saying goodbye.
Vivian has a nasty confrontation with Regi at the hotel.
After Regi leaves and Ted shows up, Vivian makes it clear that she knows what happened, but is still willing to go through with the marriage.
Ted, however, asks to be released from their engagement.
Meanwhile, Regi goes to her regular appointment in Allen's suite, but breaks down in tears.
Allen had intended to propose to her, but he secretly puts away his engagement ring after she confesses she has fallen in love despite herself.
When Ted finds her there, she agrees to marry him.
On a bus, Regi and Ted discuss what they should do first: eat lunch, get married, or find a job for Ted.
They toss a coin to decide; Ted jokingly says he will get a job if it lands on its side.
Sure enough, it does when it gets wedged in a manhole cover.
Rosie (Michelle Pfeiffer), is a 40-year-old divorced mother who works as a scriptwriter and producer for a TV show You Go Girl.
Rosie is insecure about her age, and uses cosmetics to maintain her appearance.
She has a very close relationship with her thirteen-year-old daughter, Izzie (Saoirse Ronan), which becomes even closer when she learns that she has fallen for a boy in her class named Dylan (Rory Copus).
Despite her ex-husband's urging that she start dating again, she has no man in her life.
To the dismay of Rosie and David (David Mitchell), her British co-writer, her boss, Marty (Fred Willard) decides that the show may no longer cover controversial subjects, so Rosie decides to cast a new character for the show.
She is taken by Adam (Paul Rudd), a bright and charming young man from one of her auditions, and decides to cast him as a new, nerdy character to fall for the character played by her arrogant and self-centered lead actress, Brianna (Stacey Dash).
Adam's character is well received by test audiences, and Rosie persuades Marty to give him a chance.
As she continues to offer Izzie advice on Dylan, Rosie becomes smitten by Adam, who suggests they go out to a club together.
When he comes to pick her up, Adam bonds with Izzie immediately, helping her complete a mission on a video game she was playing, in order to impress Dylan.
While there, Rosie lies about her age and says that she's 36, while Adam says that he is 32.
Rosie is nervous about the age difference, but when he goes onto the dance floor at the nightclub, she realizes he is as free spirited as her, and joins him.
The two kiss in Adam's car, during which Rosie admits that she's actually 40, only to be startled when Adam reveals that he's actually 29.
Adam assures her that he doesn't care about their age difference at all, and the two continue their relationship.
Nevertheless, Rosie's insecurity over her age begins to come out, egged on by her internal conversations with Mother Nature (Tracey Ullman), and she confesses to Adam that she is not sure that their relationship is going to work, to his confusion.
Meanwhile, their relationship draws the jealousy of Rosie's secretary, Jeannie (Sarah Alexander), who begins to sabotage them by stealing Adam's gifts to Rosie, and then by stealing Adam's phone, taking a photograph of Brianna in a compromising position with it, and then putting it in Rosie's handbag, which does not succeed.
Rosie continues to be nervous when she hears a recording of Adam flirting with Brianna (he had been encouraged to in order to keep her calm and the center of attention).
Things become worse when Izzie has a failed double date with Dylan, and she starts to become insecure about her own appearance, something that concerns Rosie.
When Adam is first shown on television, he is an instant hit, and he starts to become famous from it.
This leads to Rosie becoming even more insecure, and worrying that Adam will take advantage of his fame and start looking at younger women.
Her situation worsens further when her show is unexpectedly cancelled.
Shortly after, Adam is given a role in an upcoming sitcom, and she is shocked to discover a speeding ticket sent to Adam showing him in a car with Brianna.
Already in a foul mood, Rosie is forced to berate Izzie when, during a chance encounter with her friend, Henry Winkler, he reveals that Izzie and her friend had prank-called a number of celebrities in her phone book.
She confronts Adam with the photograph of him with Brianna, and he is shocked, having never been in a car with her before.
Rosie angrily breaks up with him.
Despite this, Adam makes numerous attempts to reconcile with her, including refusing to film the new sitcom he has been offered to take part in until she is named a co-producer.
Meanwhile, Rosie is looking through a bloopers reel of her old show, when she realizes that it was filmed at the time that the speeding ticket claimed Adam had been driving with Brianna, and deduces that the only person who could have sent it was Jeannie.
She proceeds to confront Jeannie when Marty calls her to his office to offer her a job on Adam's sitcom, and hits her in the face, reducing her to tears.
She then reconciles with Adam.
Later, at a school talent show, she sees Izzie has finally succeeded in winning Dylan over, and watches as the two kiss.
Mother Nature reminds her that, in growing older, she is making way for a girl like Izzie to replace her.
A drunken college student invites a dance hostess to the big college dance and then forgets he asked her.
When she shows up at school, he tries to get rid of her, but she won't leave.
Instead she stays and shows up both him and his classmates snooty dates.
One Valentine's evening a group of single, dateless friends get together to play Trivial Pursuit.
Brett (Guy Pearce), a friend of the host from Melbourne, has just landed a job as presenter of a TV gossip show.
He is brash and self-confident.
Tash (Claudia Karvan) is a science journalist for a national newspaper, studious, intense and self-conscious.
They have nothing in common, so naturally they get it together.
A year later and Brett's career is going well, there is the possibility of a job in New York and popularity has gone to his head.
Tash is still trying to write serious scientific articles for a paper more interested in gossip and sex and struggling to prevent her articles being buried on page 12.
Their relationship is on the rocks.
That night during a Valentine's boat trip on Sydney Harbour, an argument ensues and Brett decides he has had enough.
Tash tells him: 'I wish you could be me, so you could see how I feel for once.
I wish I could be you, so I could show you what an idiot you've become.
'.
That night is a full moon and fate decides to lend a hand.
They wake to find that each is in the other's body.
A month of each pretending to be the other ensues and they have to learn what it's really like to be in the other person's shoes.
Tash has to try to keep Brett's high-profile career on track.
Brett is so bored by Tash's job, he ends up trying to make science sexy.
Each learns to appreciate the other as only together can they make this enforced predicament work out.
Patrick Sullivan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) is looking forward to a life with Sophia (Justina Machado), until she calls into the show by famed love expert and radio host dr Emma Lloyd (Uma Thurman).
Emma questions Sophia’s concept of romantic love and advises her to break their engagement, which she swiftly does.
Patrick is so upset that when he hears that Emma is about to be married herself, he allows his young neighbour, Ajay, to hack into public records and create a fake marriage certificate between himself and Emma.
Upon going to the public records office to get a marriage license, Emma and her perfect-gentleman fiancé, Richard (Colin Firth), are told she is already married.
Emma sets out to find Patrick and give him annulment papers to sign so that she can marry Richard.
Emma finds Patrick in a bar, and their initial meeting ends with her getting drunk.
The following day, Patrick comes to Emma's workplace to give her the annulment papers as she is leaving for a wedding cake tasting.
Patrick accompanies her to the tasting, where Frau Greta Bollenbecker (Isabella Rossellini) assumes he is Emma's fiancé, Richard.
Greta later comes to Emma's book launch because her husband, Herr Karl Bollenbecker, (Keir Dullea) is planning to liquidate Richard's publishing house.
Greta meets Emma during the banquet and tells her of the same.
Patrick still has the annulment papers, so he comes to the book launch.
Matters get worse when Richard sees Greta and Karl with Emma and Patrick, who is posing as Richard, but Richard agrees to go along with it when he learns that Greta thinks Patrick will charm Karl so much that Karl will decide to continue business with "Richard".
Patrick invites them all to Ajay's Upanayana ceremony.
Emma and the other guests have a good time there, and she sees a whole new side of Patrick, who had been repulsive to her so far.
There is a slight spark of attraction, but Emma flees the scene before anything can happen.
Patrick decides to throw out everything related to Emma or Sophia, but instead reads Emma's book, "Real Love".
He comes to confront her about the book because he thinks it only points out all the bad things in a relationship.
Patrick and Emma continue their argument in an elevator.
Suddenly Patrick flaunts his NYS Fire Department badge and asks the other occupants to leave the elevator.
He then locks the elevator and proceeds to kiss Emma.
Security staff see them through a CCTV in the elevator and ask them to leave.
Emma finally has the signed and notarized annulment papers, but she considers calling off her wedding.
She goes to Patrick’s lodgings and they make love that night.
The following morning, Emma finds all the papers related to her and Sophia in the trash.
Patrick then confesses that he had initially wanted to teach her a lesson about love but then fell for her.
Emma then goes back to the honorable Richard, who still loves her and says that she wants to marry him.
One day before her wedding, Patrick calls her at the radio station and tells her that he loves her.
She does not answer him.
The next day on her wedding day, she confides in her father, Wilder (Sam Shepard) and asks for his advice.
He tells her that the decision is hers.
Richard comes to see Emma in the bridal chamber.
Richard had also heard the radio show the night before and tells her that he wants her to be happy, and they amicably break up.
Emma sets off the church's fire sprinklers in an attempt to get Patrick to the church.
Meanwhile, the fire department where Patrick works is called to the church to put out the fire.
When Patrick arrives there, Emma and Patrick get married and leave in the fire truck.
The final scene shifts to a year later where it is shown that Emma is pregnant and that she and Patrick are still very much in love.
The movie ends with a Tamil song "Swasame" from the movie Thenali in the background.
Helen Ferguson (Barbara Stanwyck) is eight months pregnant and unmarried.
When she goes to her unfaithful boyfriend Morley for help, all he gives her is a train ticket back to where she came from.
The train crashes while Helen is on board, and she is mistaken for another pregnant woman, who was killed on the train.
Helen gives birth to her child and is accepted by the Harknesses, the family of the dead woman's husband, Hugh Harkness, who was also killed in the train crash.
Since the family had never seen their son's new wife, they believe Helen to be her.
The family believes her lapses of memory and uncertain behavior are after effects of the train wreck.
With a better life provided for her child, Helen continues the ruse while Bill Harkness (John Lund), who is the brother of the deceased Hugh, falls in love with her.
The story takes a turn for the worse when Helen's ex-boyfriend and the father of her child tracks her down several months after the accident.
Morley (Lyle Bettger) was called in to identify the body at the morgue after the tragic train accident, and he figures out through a series of events that Helen is hiding and now married into money.
Being the conniving fellow that he is, Morley contacts Helen (now living as Patrice) and forces her into wedlock.
But before his dastardly plan can take full effect, he winds up dead, and the real twist is who exactly the murderer is.
Monty James is a mechanic with three daughters: 5- year old China, 7 - year old Lauryn and 12 - year old Sierra, who dreams of owning his own shop.
His children have been cared for by their maternal grandmother Kat Jackson for years, but she dies of lung cancer.
His ex-wife, Jennifer, disrupts the service, demands her daughters live with her and sues for full custody of them.
Monty accepts help from Maya, an employment agency worker, who recommends he works as a driver for Julia Rossmore, an attorney in Atlanta.
Julia’s friends, Brenda and Cynthia, set Julia up on a blind date with Byron - a dimwitted, middle-aged rapper.
She also ends up on a blind date with a guy who she thinks is perfect for her until his wife and kids expose him as an unfaithful married man.
When Monty and Julia meet, she insists on having everything done on schedule.
Meanwhile, Sierra accidentally starts a fire in his home and she and her siblings end up at the hospital where Social Services are notified and the children are sent to live with their mother and her boyfriend, Joe.
Julia goes to the hospital to demand Monty to take her home, but sees Social Services sending his children to live with Jennifer.
Monty returns to his day job as a mechanic and finds the owner Willie has been injured in a robbery.
Willie offers to sell the shop to Monty for a $10,000 deposit.
Monty later goes to Julia for help, which she does during the court case.
Julia finishes Monty’s case preparation and discovering it is her 32nd birthday, takes her to his favorite jazz club, where they dance.
As they are traveling home, Julia kisses Monty and asks him to spend the night.
Monty is willing but Julia is too drunk and vomits in the bathroom.
Julia changes her mind and tells Monty to go home.
Over the next few weeks, Julia begins to feel confused.
She goes to Monty's apartment to meet his daughters during his visitation right.
When they're at the aquarium, Julia sees one of her friends there and gets reminded that she has to be conscious of decisions which impact her career.
Monty overhears Julia’s friend and is hurt.
At the child custody hearing, Julia argues that it would be in the children's best interest for Monty to be awarded custody.
Jennifer’s lawyer says that Monty is irresponsible due to an earlier conviction of statutory rape.
Julia feels betrayed because she didn’t hear this information from Monty earlier; she leaves, telling Monty that custody will be awarded to Jennifer.
At 3:00 am, Monty's daughters arrive at his house and inform him that Joe has abused them, proving it by revealing that China's back is bruised.
Monty drives away and crashes into Jennifer and Joe's car, after which he physically assaults Joe and a crowd gathers.
Joe's thugs arrive and begin to attack Monty, but the crowd defends Monty against them.
Julia sees a report on the incident, in which Monty is identified as having been "falsely convicted" of rape.
Jennifer and Joe are facing drug charges in court, because cocaine and marijuana was found in Joe's car and house, while Monty is to be charged with assault.
Julia represents Monty, apologizing for not hearing his side of the story.
The witnesses testify against Joe but refuse to testify against Monty, so Jennifer and Joe are jailed without bail while the case against Monty is dropped.
Monty tells Julia that he loves her.
His daughters greet him and Julia at the auto shop that now bears his name.
Monty and Julia kiss, and the neighbors celebrate Monty's success.
Nancy, the 19-year-old daughter of Frank and Elaine Benson (Bob Hope and Jane Wyman), wants to marry David (Tim Matheson), the 20-year-old son of Oliver Poe (Jackie Gleason).
What the bride doesn't know is that her parents are about to get a divorce.
Poe, a music promoter, has a hunch something is amiss.
He doesn't want the kids to get married, so before the wedding he exposes the Bensons' secret.
Nancy and David decide marriage isn't necessary.
They will live together instead, travel around the country with a rock band and heed the advice and wisdom of a Hindu mystic called the Baba Zeba (Professor Irwin Corey).
Frank and Elaine are seeing other people.
He is involved with a divorcee, Lois Grey (Maureen Arthur), while she is developing an interest in Phil Fletcher (Leslie Nielsen), who also is recently divorced.
Poe, meanwhile, continues to see his mistress, LaVerne Baker (Tina Louise).
Then one day, Nancy finds out she is pregnant.
The Baba Zeba persuades her to put up the baby for adoption.
Frank and Elaine conspire behind their daughter's back to adopt their own grandchild.
Complications arise, resulting in Frank trying to bribe the guru and even disguising himself as one of the Baba Zeba's robed followers.
By the end, all ends well for everybody; the Bensons get back together and Poe proposes to LaVerne.
Date with an Angel tells the story of Jim Sanders (Michael Knight), an executive at a cosmetics company, about to marry Patty Winston (Phoebe Cates), the spoiled daughter of Jim's boss.
Jim suffers from a brain tumor, and his headaches have gotten worse.
It is suggested that he will die, and an angel (Emmanuelle Béart) arrives on the scene, given the task of bringing Jim's soul back to heaven on the night of his engagement party.
After his three buddies, George, Don, and Rex, 'kidnap' Jim to take him to another celebration at his home, Jim decides that he has had enough of partying and goes to sleep.
Later, Jim awakes to see a bright light illuminating from his apartment's swimming pool--and discovers the angel knocked unconscious after one of her wings was broken due to colliding with a satellite.
Not wanting to see her be exploited, Jim decides to keep her shielded from the world while he helps repair her wings.
This proves difficult, as the angel is unable to speak in human language (though she has no trouble understanding it), and is unaccustomed to the limitations/requirements of life as a mortal.
However she does develop a taste for French fries.
Inevitably, his buddies and his boss both discover her in his house; so does Patty, who—not seeing the angel's wings—thinks her a mortal woman having an affair with Jim.
Later, Patty sees the angel and Jim together on television—Wings still under wraps—as he rescues her from being exposed to the world by his buddies, who had kidnapped her.
Later they escape to Jim's old childhood hideaway.
In a short time, the angel's wing is fully healed, allowing her to take flight and return to the pearly gates.
However, a drunk and delusional Patty starts chasing Jim with a shotgun; her father, Jim's father, step-mother, and his buddies also arrive to confront him.
Amid the chaos, Jim's uncontrollable headaches cause him to collapse to the ground, but the angel returns to save him, driving Patty and her father away, never to return.
Later, in the hospital, Jim's brain tumor gets worse and his situation appears grim.
The angel comes back to see him, finally confirming that it was her original intention to take him to heaven.
Instead, she saves him, and in the process is allowed to return to earth as a mortal woman, now able to speak English and is now a nurse at the hospital.
She kisses Jim after assuring him that he'll be around and that they'll be together for a long time, humorously stating that she has that information "from the highest authority".
Meek California Fidelity Trust teller Johnny Dalton asks his boss McKissack for a raise so he can marry fellow teller Mildred "Mibs" Goodhue.
Though Johnny is turned down, Mibs wants to get married anyway.
Emile Keck, a friend and waiter at an Italian restaurant they frequent, also urges Johnny to take a chance, even facetiously suggesting he rob the bank where he works.
When he insists on waiting, Mibs storms out.
While returning to work, Johnny intervenes when he spots two men beating up a third in an alley.
The victim, "Hot Horse" Harris, turns out to be a bookie.
To show his gratitude, Harris gives a stunned Johnny $1000, but Johnny refuses to accept it.
To make it easier, Harris changes it to a "loan", then promptly bets the entire amount on a sure thing in a fixed race, making sure to place the bet at the bookie joint run by his competitor (the one who had him beaten up).
From the winnings, Harris takes back the loan, and Johnny is left with $5000.
Harris then makes two more bets for Johnny, both winners.
Johnny now has won $60,000.
Harris only has $40,000 on hand, so he tells Johnny he will send him the rest later.
Johnny rushes off to share the good news with Emile, but Emile believes he took his advice about bank robbery.
As it turns out, the bank's auditors have discovered that there is $75,000 missing.
Fearing that he will be suspected of the crime, Johnny enlists Emile's help in hiding the money.
When he tells Mibs about his windfall, she does not believe his story either.
She finds $20,000, the remainder of what Harris owes Johnny, and goes to see Bob Pulsifer, Jr, the lazy, lecherous son of the bank's founder.
She offers it to him on condition that he not inform the police about Johnny, but he telephones them anyway.
Mibs insists on driving Johnny to Mexico, but they are caught.
Much to the couple's surprise, the police know that Johnny won the money; instead, they arrest Mibs, as the auditors tracked the $75,000 to her.
Fortunately, Johnny discovers by accident that Mibs's adding machine is malfunctioning: according to it, 2+2=5 and 3+3=7.
Afterward, Mibs tells a man she thinks is a "reporter" about all the expensive gifts Johnny has given her, only to learn that the man actually works for the IRS.
Bonnie and Connie Jones are showgirls, who are also sisters.
They are sick and tired of New York as well as not getting anywhere.
Quitting Broadway, the sisters decided to travel to Paris to become famous and find true love.
The story centers around suburban housewife Beverly Boyer and her husband, a successful obstetrician and devoted family man, Gerald.
Beverly is offered the opportunity to star in a television commercial advertising Happy Soap.
After a shaky start, she gets a contract for nearly $80,000 per year ($ today) to appear in weekly TV commercials.
Soon the soap company places greater and greater demands on the unlikely TV star.
Gerald resents the fact that the appearances are taking up an increasing amount of her time, and becomes jealous of the level of attention that her new-found stardom has brought her.
Their relationship slowly deteriorates, and Gerald leaves her after unintentionally driving his 1958 Chevrolet convertible into the surprise $5,000 ($ today) swimming pool the soap company built where their garage used to be.
Gerald later returns, only to enact psychological warfare, making Beverly jealous by pretending that he is drinking and carousing with multiple women.
Beverly decides to give up her lucrative career and return to her "philandering" husband and her life as a rich doctor's housewife.
In flashbacks, Connie Doyle's (Ricki Lake) early life gives an idea of her mindset.
At 18, she meets womanizer Steve DeCunzo (Loren Dean), moves in with him and winds up pregnant.
He kicks her out, denying responsibility.
A destitute Connie, trying to find a shelter, gets inadvertently swept aboard a train at Grand Central Terminal.
With no ticket and no money, Connie is rescued by Hugh Winterbourne (Brendan Fraser) and taken to his private compartment.
She meets his wife, Patricia, who is also pregnant.
When the train crashes, Connie is mistaken for Patricia because she is wearing Patricia's wedding band, which has the couple's names engraved on the inside.
In the hospital, no longer pregnant, she learns Patricia and Hugh both died in the crash.
Seeing the wrong name on the wristband on a child, Connie thinks the hospital has messed up until she sees the wedding band still on her finger.
She tries to explain but is prevented from doing so by nurses, who believe she is just hysterical.
She meets Hugh's mother, Grace (Shirley MacLaine), who has a bad heart.
With nowhere else to go, Connie believes it is best for her and her baby to accept the offer to go to Grace's home.
Connie there meets Bill (also played by Fraser), Hugh's identical twin brother.
When the initial shock wears off, she nervously begins her new life.
This world is very different, and she finds it difficult to adjust.
Bill, a bit wary of Connie, questions her identity, believing she is after the family's money.
He investigates, learning her real identity.
They walk around Boston and begin to bond.
Bill prepares to expose Connie when he learns that Grace plans to change her will to include Connie and baby Hughie.
He changes his mind when Connie becomes upset and begs Grace not to include her and Hughie in the will.
Connie's protests make Grace want to include them even more.
A drunk Paco, the family's chauffeur, demands that Bill and Connie dance a tango.
They do so and end up sharing several kisses.
Connie bonds with Grace.
Feeling guilty for taking advantage of Grace's kindness, she decides to leave with Hughie.
Bill attempts to convince her to stay, proposing to her.
He tells her think about it overnight.
Connie decides to run away anyway.
Paco follows her to the train station, tells her about his own shady past, and makes her realize she and the baby are just as valuable to Grace as Grace is to them.
Connie returns home to find Grace has had a heart attack because of her absence.
She decides to let things go and marry Bill as Patricia Winterbourne.
Steve discovers Connie's good fortune and tries to blackmail her.
In the confusion that ensues, Steve is shot.
Bill and Connie flee the scene, and think each one is the one who shot Steve.
It is then that Bill reveals that he knows Connie's true identity, and that he loves her anyway.
Both believe they are home free, until their wedding day.
When the priest tells Bill and Connie that Grace is confessing to the murder, both of them hurry to her side and confess to the murder themselves.
Shocked, the police tell them they already have the murderer in custody, and it is not any of them, it was the woman Steve started seeing after dumping Connie.
Like Connie, Steve had gotten her pregnant and abandoned her.
The police only came to question about the check Connie had written out to Steve.
Connie confesses the whole story to Grace, who says she'll get over it, adding that she'd like more grandchildren.
The wedding goes ahead as planned, and Bill presents Connie with a wedding ring with their names engraved on the inside, just like the real Patricia's ring.
Jake Stein (Frankie Muniz) is a 17-year-old who lives with his sick mother and grandfather in Brooklyn.
He wants nothing more than to be a writer, but when his mother’s health takes a turn for the worse, Jake is sent to Miami to live with his father, “Zowie” (Harvey Keitel), a small-time “handicapper” who gives horse racing tips for a living.
Not much of a parent, Zowie has shirked his fatherly responsibilities for most of his son’s life.
Nonetheless, Jake is excited about the prospects of bonding with his father in sunny Miami.
Jake quickly befriends Mark, a local rich kid, whose excessive drug use helps him get through the pressures of teenage life in Southern Florida, where the "in" crowd only cares about how much money one's parents make, who’s coming to one's pool party, and whether or not one is getting laid.
As Jake tries to navigate the waters of his new home—while trying to connect with his eccentric father—he meets Marina (Amber Valletta), a famous model who is in town for a photo shoot; the two quickly bond.
Jake reminds Marina of her younger brother, who died in a motorcycle accident, and Jake is unable to get over the fact that such a beautiful woman is interested in him.
But just when things seem to be going right, all goes terribly wrong.
Jake must figure out how to become a man, if he is ever going to finish writing his memoir.
Nita Holloway, a woman romantically involved with veteran actor Preston "Mitch" Mitchell, tries to persuade him to come out of retirement to appear in a Broadway play as the father of a character played by a new teen idol, Tony Manza.
At his Connecticut farm, next-door neighbor Bill Tremayne asks to borrow Mitch's car.
He goes to a party and meets secretary Janet Blake, who is trying to escape the clutches of her drunken boss, a dentist.
Bill offers her a ride home in a rainstorm, but is a little too attentive to her liking.
Soaked to the skin, Janet ends up knocking on Mitch's door.
He permits her to spend the night while her dress dries.
Nita arrives in the morning and mistakenly concludes an affair is taking place, and soon others assume the same.
Mitch puts her on a train but also offers Janet a job as his own secretary.
As the train leaves, he stumbles, injuring his back.
Bill isn't worried at first because Mitch is obviously too old for Janet, but he comes to realize that she is indeed falling for Mitch a little more every day.
Scheduled to ride Mitch's star horse in an equine contest, Bill jealously decides to ride another entry instead.
Mitch must compete against him, bad back and all.
Although he feels great affection toward her, Mitch ultimately realizes that Bill and Janet were meant for each other.
He happily goes back to Nita, and is last seen on stage in the new Broadway play.
Frank Farrell (Joe Brown) is an ace baseball player whose insistence upon making up excuses earns him the nickname "Alibi Ike".
In the course of his first season with the Chicago Cubs, Farrell also falls in love with Dolly Stevens (Olivia De Havilland), sister-in-law of the team's manager.
Farrell's "alibi" habit prompts Dolly to walk out on him, whereupon he goes into a slump—which coincides with attempts by gamblers to get Farrell to throw the World Series.
A thousand years ago in the kingdom of Hauptmann-Koenig, Prince William (William Ragsdale) wants to marry his beloved Jessie (Kristy Swanson), a peasant girl.
But his mother does not approve and has an evil sorcerer (Terry Kiser) trick the Prince into putting a necklace on Jessie, which turns her into a wooden icon for 1000 years (or until she finds true love in a foreign land).
A thousand years later, Jason Williamson (Ragsdale) is hired to work in Prince & Company's visual display department, which is headed by flamboyant window dresser Hollywood Montrose (Meshach Taylor).
As a tribute to Hauptmann-Koenig, the Enchanted Peasant Girl is being sent to Prince & Company for a window display.
Jason removes the necklace, which awakens Jessie.
She believes he is Prince William until he convinces her a thousand years have passed and he is not the Prince (although Jason and his mother mention his family history, leading the audience to believe that Jason is the descendant of the Prince).
The sorcerer's descendant, Count Gunther Spretzle, arrived with the Enchanted Peasant Girl.
He plans to take Jessie when she awakens (along with her necklace) and hop a flight for Bermuda.
Jason (with help from Hollywood) is the only one who can stop him.
The film concerns the relationships between men, women, brothers, mothers, fathers and friends.
The protagonist discovers on eBay a replica of a lounge chair that was used by his father long ago.
The resulting road trip to pick up and deliver the chair as a birthday present for the father in Atlanta takes interesting twists.
Stroker Ace is a popular race car driver from Waycross, Georgia, and (according to dialogue), a three-time champion, on the NASCAR circuit, and driver of a #7 Ford Thunderbird.
An all-or-nothing man, he wins if he does not crash.
He is arrogant and pompous, with no regard for the business side of his racing team.
He also has an on-track, season-long rivalry with ambitious young driver Aubrey James (Parker Stevenson), who drives a #10 1982 Buick Regal sponsored by Four-Star Whiskey.
When he runs afoul of his current sponsor, Jim Catty (Warren Stevens) of Zenon Oil, by dumping a load of wet concrete on him, he has to find a new one.
Fried-chicken mogul Clyde Torkel, along with his chauffeur, Arnold (Bubba Smith), and newly appointed director of marketing and public relations, Pembrook Feeny (Loni Anderson, a discovery and protege of producer Hugh Wilson), convince Stroker and his chief mechanic, Lugs Harvey, to sign up with him.
Overlooking his contract by not reading its specifics, Stroker begins a new life as the commercial face for the Chicken Pit fast-food restaurants.
(The slogan on Stroker's car reads: "The Fastest Chicken in the South".
) His contract proves to stipulate that he must do personal appearances, which include dressing up in a chicken suit—feet included.
Realizing that he is locked into a bad deal, Stroker devises a plan with Lugs to get out of it.
Torkel is on to Stroker, though, and allows his antics because he sees the racer as his big ticket to regional fame by promoting the Chicken Pit franchise.
A ladies' man, Stroker tries to seduce the beautiful Pembrook, who is a Sunday School teacher, does not drink, and is a virgin.
She spurns all of his advances until he learns to respect her views.
One night, after getting her drunk on champagne, he removes her clothing and has a chance to take advantage of her, but decides against it.
Stroker is winning races under the Chicken Pit sponsorship and is in the running for the season-ending championship.
At the beginning of the final race, Torkel is offered a deal to sell his franchise for a huge profit, as part of an elaborate scheme that Stroker and his friends have concocted.
The catch is that if he wins the championship Stroker has to sell chicken for the next two years; if he loses is he out of the contract.
During the race Stroker is at odds with himself.
He drops back in the race in an effort to lose, but his ego won't let him so he quickly begins moving back through the pack.
Torkel, realizing that Stroker would rather lose than be bound by the contract, makes a public announcement that he is releasing Stroker immediately.
He is unaware that Stroker is moving up through the field in an effort to win.
With the news that he is free from the contract, Stroker wins the championship in spectacular fashion by flipping his car over as he crosses the finish line.
Torkel then finds that the lucrative offer for his chicken franchise is a fake, cooked up by Stroker and his friends.
As described in a film magazine, Richard Marshall (Fairbanks), nicknamed The Mollycoddle by his friends, is the descendant of hard-hitting, fearless western stock, and although born in Arizona he has been raised since a child in England and acquired English ways.
Upon meeting some Americans who are about to go home in a private yacht, he joins them.
Fearing that Richard is a secret service operative, the owner of the yacht, who is smuggling diamonds into the United States, withdraws the invitation.
Friends, however, smuggle him aboard and, when the owner discovers him, he is put to work shoveling coal in the boiler room.
Off the coast of Texas he jumps ship and swims ashore, is picked up by a fishing net and eventually makes his way to Arizona, where the party is exploring the diamond mines.
Richard discovers the plot to blow up a mountain and hem the party in a little valley.
The scheme nearly succeeds, but Richard captures the smuggler in a tall tree, rolls with him down a steep embankment, and drags a half-drowned man to shore.
In addition, he of course win the girl, who turns out to be a detective in service to Uncle Sam.
As summarized in a film publication, a prologue, which explains where the author got her idea for the story, shows Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden.
When the serpent tells Eve to bite the apple, Adam takes it away from her.
The serpent then tells her to go into hysterics and Adam will give her the apple.
Shifting to the modern story, mrs Orrin (Effie Shannon), Eve's (Constance Talmadge) mother, goes into hysterics at the thought of losing her daughter.
mrs Orrin and mrs Merchant (Katharine Kaelred), who lives with them, have decided that Eve will marry mrs Merchant's son Henry (George LeGuere), an effeminate youngster with rimmed glasses.
Fearing her mother's nerves, Eve is willing to marry Henry, so the four of them go to Mama Orrin's birthplace, where the wedding is scheduled to take place on her birthday.
During the stay at the hotel Mama has one of her "attacks" and dr Harmon (Kenneth Harlan) is called in.
He soon discovers the exact trouble and orders mrs Orrin to bed with instructions that she not even see her daughter.
mrs Orrin disobeys these orders and then Eve's nerves give way, causing a second visit by the doctor.
He takes Eve away from the mother, but after Henry accuses the doctor of being a fortune seeker, the doctor refuses to have anything to do with Eve.
Finally, Eve's eyes are opened and she uses a "treat 'em rough" theory on her mother.
Besides winning the love of her doctor, she cures her mother of her hysterics.
Alim is a young gay man.
Born in Kenya and raised in Toronto, he moved to London to get away from his conservative upbringing.
He faces the hardships of coming out to his widowed mother Nuru, as well as hardships in his relationship with his boyfriend Giles.
Alim has an imaginary friend (or maybe a guardian angel or ghost friend, depending on how literally or symbolically one takes the film) who is supposedly Cary Grant, who gives Alim advice when Alim is in trouble.
Unfortunately, the advice often seems to make more trouble.
Semi-retired Mexican-American chef Martin Naranjo (Héctor Elizondo) shares a suburban Los Angeles home with his three adult daughters.
Although he has lost the senses of smell and taste since his wife's death, he still cooks elaborate, multi-course meals for his family and friends.
The women humor their father's old-fashioned ways, but each is searching for fulfillment outside the family circle.
Leticia (played by Elizabeth Peña), the oldest and most conservative of the three, is a repressed high school chemistry teacher who abandoned Catholicism to become a born-again Christian.
Middle daughter Carmen (Jacqueline Obradors) shares her father's passion for food but has stifled her dream of owning a restaurant in favor of pursuing a more stable career as a business analyst.
Maribel (Tamara Mello), the youngest, is hip and slightly rebellious.
Frequently present in the Naranjo home are newly divorced family friend Yolanda (Constance Marie), her young daughter April, and her visiting mother Hortensia (Raquel Welch), who has set her sights on Martin and is determined to make him her next husband, unaware his attention is focused on someone else.
Maribel is drawn to handsome Brazilian student Andy after her co-worker rejects him and, after they briefly date, she invites him home for dinner, during which she blithely announces she is moving in with him, much to her father's consternation and Andy's shock, since they never had discussed elevating their somewhat casual relationship to this next level.
Before long she is rearranging his small apartment and unintentionally making him increasingly uncomfortable as she imposes herself in his life.
Meanwhile, Leticia finds herself attracted to Orlando Castillo, who coaches baseball at her school, when she begins to receive passionate love letters she believes are from him, unaware they actually were written by her students.
Carmen is offered a high-profile job in Barcelona, and half-heartedly agrees to accept it, although soon after her father drives her to the airport she returns home, determined to follow in her father's footsteps and open a restaurant of her own.
Leticia and Orlando elope, Maribel and Andy break up and reunite, Martin marries Yolanda, and everyone gathers for a family meal at Carmen's new restaurant.
Three plots in three different historical periods—prehistoric times, Ancient Rome, and modern times (the Roaring Twenties)—are intercut to prove the point that man's love for woman has not significantly changed throughout history.
In all three plots, characters played by the small and slight Buster Keaton and handsome bruiser Wallace Beery compete for the attention of the same woman, played by Margaret Leahy.
Each plot follows similar "arcs" in the story line in which Keaton's character works for his beloved's attention and eventually wins her over.
In the Stone Age story line, Keaton competes with the bigger, brutish Beery for a cavewoman Leahy.
After observing another caveman drag away a woman by the hair in order to "claim" her, Keaton tries to become more assertive, but is continuously pushed back and bullied by Beery.
An attempt to make Leahy jealous by flirting with another woman ends in failure.
Nevertheless, Keaton grows closer to Leahy, and Beery challenges him to a fight at sunrise.
Keaton wins thanks to hiding a rock in his club, but is caught and tied to the tail of an elephant to be dragged around the dirt as punishment.
Upon his return, he finds Leahy about to be claimed by Beery and attempts to make off with her.
Beery catches him and the two battle by tossing boulders at each other from afar, with Keaton and Leahy on a cliff together.
When Beery climbs up to reclaim Leahy, Keaton dispatches Leahy's cronies and finally defeats him.
He drags a smitten Leahy off by the hair.
In the epilogue, they go off for a walk with their huge family of children following them.
In the Ancient Rome segment, Keaton attempts to attract the attention of the wealthy Leahy, but is continually pushed back by Beery.
Beery challenges him to a chariot race after a hard snow — Keaton wins by using sled dogs instead of horses.
In revenge, Beery forces him into the lion pit belonging to Leahy's family.
Keaton survives by befriending the lion and cleaning its claws.
Keaton is rescued by Leahy's parents while Beery kidnaps Leahy.
Keaton rescues her and tries to seduce her in her palanquin, which takes off without them.
In the epilogue, they also go out for a walk with many children in tow.
In the "modern times" story line, Keaton is a poor man yearning for Leahy, who has rich parents.
Leahy's mother, unimpressed with Keaton's bank account but interested in Beery's, decides on Beery as a match for her daughter.
Keaton accidentally gets drunk at a restaurant where Beery and Leahy are dining, and Beery tricks the male half of another couple into punching Keaton, who stumbles home drunk.
Later, Keaton impresses Leahy by playing a football game, whereas Beery is only a coach; Beery decides to play opposite Keaton.
Keaton is overwhelmed by the bigger Beery, but ends up winning the game with an impressive touchdown.
An irritated Beery frames Keaton for possession of alcohol and gets him arrested, simultaneously showing him a wedding announcement between him and Leahy — Keaton will be unable to stop the wedding while in jail.
While shadowed by a guard, Keaton finds a criminal file showing that Beery has been charged with bigamy and forgery.
He attempts to call Leahy to warn her.
He accidentally escapes when the phone booth he's using is taken out for replacement.
Keaton evades the police chasing him and make it to the church on time, dragging Leahy away from the wedding and into a cab.
After showing her Beery's criminal file, he takes Leahy home and prepares to leave, but she kisses him.
He declares to the cab driver that they're going back to the church.
In the epilogue, they also go out for a walk — this time with their dog instead of children.
In post-World War II Germany, French Army Captain Henri Rochard (Cary Grant) is given the task of recruiting a highly skilled lens maker, Schindler (Martin Miller).
He is assigned American Lieutenant Catherine Gates (Ann Sheridan) as his chauffeur, much to their mutual discomfort (arising from several prior clashes).
The only available transportation is a motorcycle, which due to Army regulations, only Catherine is allowed to drive; Henri has to ride in the sidecar.
After several mishaps, the constantly quarreling couple arrive at their destination, Bad Nauheim.
At the hotel, bothered by back pain, Catherine warily accepts Henri's offer of a back rub.
When she falls asleep, he tries to leave her room, but discovers that the door handle has fallen off, trapping him inside.
He spends an uncomfortable night in a chair.
In the morning, she refuses to believe his story.
Unknown to him, the innkeeper's wife has replaced the knob, so, when he tries to demonstrate that the door will not open, it does.
Eventually, the innkeeper's wife comes to the room (forcing Henri to hide on the ledge outside the window) and explains everything to Catherine, but not before Henri falls off the ledge.
Later, Henri goes undercover to search for Schindler, now working in the black market.
He refuses to let Catherine help him and tells her that if she sees him to pretend she doesn't know him.
The black market is raided by the authorities, and he is rounded up with the rest.
When he asks her to vouch for his identity, she obeys his earlier orders not to reveal that she knows him.
While he is in jail, she finds Schindler, who is happy to leave Germany and ply his trade in France.
Later, she apologizes to a furious Henri, and by the time they return to Heidelberg, they have fallen in love.
Red tape forces Henri and Catherine to get married in three different ceremonies: civil, Army, and church.
Before they can consummate the marriage, Catherine is given orders to report back to headquarters to be shipped back to the United States in the morning.
They subsequently learn that the only way Henri can get a visa to emigrate with her is under the War Bride Act as the spouse of a member of the expeditionary forces.
After many misunderstandings, he is granted permission to accompany her, but circumstances and Army regulations conspire to keep them from spending the night together.
When they try to board the transport ship,S.
Navy sailors do not believe that Henri is a war "bride".
He is forced to dress as a female Army nurse to get aboard.
The deception works, but once underway, his disguise is discovered, and he is arrested.
Catherine manages to straighten out the situation, and they finally have some privacy - in the ship's brig.
Victor "Vic" Kelly (Christopher Walken) is a struggling auto mechanic with a safe-cracking past and a lot of debt.
When a supposed cousin from Ireland visits Vic, the alleged cousin sabotages one of Vic's auto repair jobs, to ensure Vic's desperation and participation in the robbery scheme introduced to Vic by neighborhood resident Pat (Donal Logue).
Vic is too stubbornly proud to accept a loan from his bar-owner girlfriend Sally (Cyndi Lauper), who offers Vic money that she was otherwise planning to use to renovate and remodel her neighborhood bar.
Vic agrees to the robbery scheme, and goes to the armored courier service posing as a potential customer.
Given a view of the facility, including being shown the triple combination-lock vault, Vic then goes to work on practicing his safecracking skills for the big day.
The auto mechanic takes one last shot at the lucrative robbery with his Irish cohort to pay off his debts.
We find out the cousin is not really a cousin.
Vic becomes locked in the vault, while the fake cousin takes a bag of cash and makes his escape from the scene.
The Irish cohort has a change of heart and returns with a bag of cash taken from Vic at the scene at the crime.
Vic can now afford to keep his elderly aunt in her retirement home.
There's enough money for Vic to be a good guy and give a cut to the two guards, who were in on the robbery with Vic, and had gotten fired.
And Vic buys a juke box as a gift for his girlfriend's remodeled bar.
A second bag of cash is taken from the vault by the armoured-courrier service owner, who will report all the cash missing, and make false insurance and IRS claims.
To protect his own scheme, the owner refuses to press charges against Vic.
Vic finally experiences a bit of good luck for once in his life.
The movie ends with Vic walking back to his girlfriend.
The story follows a girl named Jessica (Lara Flynn Boyle) and her attempt to get into Ramsey College, a small college in Pennsylvania, and Marlon (Corey Parker), a boy who tries to get into Ramsey to pursue Jessica, whom he is in love with.
While playing seven minutes in heaven at a party in 1985, 10-year-old Charles "Chuck" Logan (Connor Price) refuses to kiss a goth girl named Anisha (Sasha Pieterse) who attempts to have sex with him.
In retaliation, Anisha places a curse on Chuck, so that every single woman he sleeps with will break up with him and marry the next man who asks her out.
In the present, Chuck (Dane Cook) is a successful dentist in his thirties, and runs a dental practice in the same building as his best friend Stu's (Dan Fogler) plastic surgery business.
Chuck finds himself unable to tell his girlfriend, Carol (Chelan Simmons), that he loves her, and she breaks up with him while having sex on the beach.
Following the break up, Stu and Chuck decide to attend the wedding of one of Chuck’s ex-girlfriends, Katie.
At Katie’s wedding, Chuck becomes enamored with Cam Wexler (Jessica Alba), a clumsy, yet attractive and friendly marine biologist.
Their chemistry is apparent the moment they start talking.
The wedding eventually ends, and they seemingly go their separate ways.
While working at a penguin habitat, Cam accidentally slips and chips her tooth.
When she visits Chuck to have it fixed, he asks her to go out with him instead of paying him.
Though initially reluctant, Cam agrees.
Meanwhile, Stu notices the pattern of girls getting married as soon as Chuck has sex with them.
Stu eventually convinces Chuck to embrace the influx of women who have learned of his pattern and visit his practice, arguing that there's nothing better than having lots of guilt-free sex.
However, after having this so-called "guilt-free sex" with numerous women, Chuck decides he wants a serious relationship with Cam.
However, just before he has sex with her, Stu informs him that each of the women Chuck has slept with have got married, including Carol.
Worried that the same thing will happen to Cam, Chuck begins to avoid her.
Stu convinces Chuck to test the curse by having sex with an obese woman, and see if she marries afterward.
Chuck asks Stu to ask the woman out to see if this results in marriage, and when it does not, Chuck concludes that the curse is fake, and has sex with Cam.
Afterward, however, Chuck discovers that the woman Stu was supposed to ask out got married to another man.
Chuck calls Stu, who confesses that he only pretended to ask the woman.
Chuck gets mad because of Stu's treason but Stu doesn't care about the complaints.
Chuck believes Cam wants to go out with Howard Blaine (Steve Bacic), who authored a book about penguins.
Still convinced that Cam will hang out with him, Chuck tries desperately to get Cam's attention and asks her to marry him.
His attempts, though, cause Cam to become convinced he's stalking her and she breaks up with him.
After the break-up, Chuck attempts to track down Anisha in order to break the curse.
Now married with a child, Anisha reveals to Chuck that they were just kids back then, and the curse wasn't meant to be real.
Now deciding to let fate take its course, Chuck puts Cam in touch with Howard, and the two seem to connect instantly.
Stu convinces Chuck to chase after Cam, who is now headed to Antarctica with Howard.
After Chuck finds her, Cam reveals that Howard is already married to someone else, and that she's only leaving for a week.
Chuck hands Cam a ring box containing a pebble, a reference to the penguin mating ritual in which a male penguin finds a stone and brings it to the female penguin he wants to be with (therefore, proposing to her).
Meanwhile, Anisha is shown pulling a pin out of a voodoo doll, which signifies that Chuck is freed from the curse and has finally gotten the girl of his dreams.
A year later, Chuck and Cam are in Antarctica together surrounded by penguins.
Later, Stu is shown with his now wife house-sitting for Chuck and Cam who are now married as well.
They search for home-made sex tapes, and find a disturbing tape where Chuck is giving oral to a plush penguin while Cam is off-screen making sex sounds, implying that they might have made the tape and left it for Stu to find as a gag.
Phil Blackwood (Selleck) is an American mystery novelist who comes across a dazzling Romanian murder suspect named Nina (Porizkova) when she is arraigned in the courtroom he is visiting.
Instantly falling for her, Blackwood poses as a Roman Catholic priest in order to meet her while Nina is held pending her continued arraignment.
With the help of his publisher and friend, Sam (Daniels), Blackwood invents an alibi for Nina to secure her release.
Nina then takes up residence with Blackwood, serving as the inspiration for a novel that will decide the fate of his and Sam's careers in writing and publishing, all while evading operatives from communist Romania.
The climax of the film takes place during The Funeral of Grimaldi, a jovial memorial service in which many clowns gather to celebrate the life of Joseph Grimaldi.
Joe MacGonaughgill (Eric Schaeffer) and Lucy Ackerman (Sarah Jessica Parker) are roommates and best friends living in a small Manhattan apartment.
Lucy is turning thirty and her love life is embarrassingly dull.
Joe on the other hand is infatuated with his attractive neighbor Jane (Elle Macpherson).
Lucy then decides to form a death pact with Joe like they'd had back in college.
If they do not both find true love by the time Lucy turns thirty, then they will both jump off the Brooklyn Bridge.
Jane comes to an artwork show of Joe's where Joe finally gathers up the courage to ask her out, while Lucy begins dating Bwick Elias (Ben Stiller), a weirdo artist who paints with his own body parts.
Joe soon realizes that Jane isn't who he thought she ought to be.
Bwick also turns out to be "no Joe" for Lucy.
It is at this point that Joe and Lucy realize that they are perfect for each other.
Buster (Buster Keaton), a sidewalk tintype portrait photographer in New York City, develops a crush on Sally (Marceline Day), a secretary who works for MGM Newsreels.
To be near her, he purchases an old film camera, emptying his bank account, and attempts to get a job as one of MGM's filmers.
Harold (Harold Goodwin), an MGM cameraman who has designs on Sally himself, mocks his ambition.
Sally, however, encourages Buster and suggests he film anything and everything.
Buster's first attempts show his total lack of experience.
He double exposes or over exposes much of the footage, and the rest is simply no good.
Despite this setback, Sally agrees to go out with Buster, after her Sunday date cancels.
They go to the city plunge (pool), where Buster gets involved in numerous mishaps.
Later, Harold offers Sally a ride home; Buster has to sit in the rumble seat, where he gets drenched in the rain.
The next day, Sally gives him a hot tip she has just received that something big is going to happen in Chinatown.
In his rush to get there, he accidentally runs into an organ grinder, who falls and apparently kills his monkey.
A nearby cop makes Buster pay for the monkey and take its body with him.
The monkey turns out only to be dazed and joins Buster on his venture.
In Chinatown, Buster films the outbreak of a Tong War, narrowly escaping death on several occasions.
At the end, he is rescued from Tong members by the timely arrival of the police, led by a cop (Harry Gribbon) who had been the unintentional victim of several of Buster's antics over the last few days.
The cop tries to have him committed to the mental hospital, but Buster makes his escape with his camera intact.
Returning to MGM, Buster and the newsreel company's boss are dismayed to find that he apparently forgot to load film into his camera.
When Sally finds herself in trouble for giving Buster the tip, Buster offers to make amends by leaving MGM alone once and for all.
Buster returns to his old job, but does not give up on filming, setting up to record a boat race.
He then discovers that he has Tong footage after all; the mischievous monkey had switched the reels.
Sally and Harold are speeding along in one of the boats.
When Harold makes too sharp a turn, the two are thrown into the river.
Harold saves himself, but Sally is trapped by the circling boat.
Buster stops filming to jump in and rescues her.
The monkey gets behind the camera to film the daring rescue.
When Buster rushes to a drug store to get medical supplies to revive her, Harold returns and takes credit for the rescue.
The two go off, leaving the broken-hearted Buster behind.
Buster decides to send his Tong footage to MGM free of charge.
The boss decides to screen it for Harold and Sally for laughs, but is thrilled by what he sees, calling it the best camerawork he has seen in years.
They also see footage of Buster's boat footage and the monkey's shot of Buster's rescue of Sally.
The boss sends Sally to get Buster.
She tells him he is in for a great reception.
Buster assumes a ticker-tape parade is in his honor, whereas it is really for Charles Lindbergh.
Erik Stifler (John White) has a difficult time living up to his family name.
He is Steve and Matt Stifler's cousin.
He is perhaps the only Stifler about to graduate from high school as a virgin.
The film opens with Erik feigning illness so that he can stay home and masturbate.
Unfortunately, just as he is about to ejaculate, his parents and grandmother unexpectedly walk into the door and are hit with Erik's semen, after which his grandmother dies of a heart attack.
Erik's dad later surmises that, as a Stifler, his son should be out having sex instead of masturbating.
Erik's girlfriend of two years, Tracy (Jessy Schram), loves him, but is not ready for intercourse.
Tracy decides to have sex, their first attempt goes horribly wrong, and she backs out of trying again.
Erik's friends Cooze (Jake Siegel) and Ryan (Ross Thomas) plan a road trip to visit Erik's cousin Dwight Stifler (Steve Talley) in Michigan during an event known as the Naked Mile.
Tracy sees this as an opportunity to give Erik a "guilt free weekend pass," hoping that he can quench his lust and get sex out of his system since she is not ready.
As soon as Erik and his friends arrive on campus, they witness an over-the-top drinking contest where Dwight is crowned a campus champion.
Later, they lose a rough game of football against a bitter rival fraternity composed almost entirely of midgets, and end up in a brawl with those same midgets on several occasions.
The first night when the guys are at a college bar, Erik meets a college girl named Brandi (Candace Kroslak) who has a fetish for virgin boys, prompting Ryan and Cooze to make a bet with each other that Erik won't sleep with Brandi and will remain a virgin.
At the same time, Ryan and Cooze end up getting turned down by a couple of girls they have met at the bar, Jill and Alexis, who are taken by a couple of the midgets.
The following morning, Dwight gets jumped by the midget fraternity in disguise while walking down the street, landing him in the hospital.
Dwight tells the guys he probably won't make it to the Naked Mile, but yet still manages to make it right in time.
Right away, he joins up with Erik, Ryan, and Cooze, who are at first reluctant to run, but when Brandi, Jill, and Alexis show up to run with the guys, they're finally prompted to strip down and run with the girls, and end up having a great time.
Finally as Erik and Brandi reach the finish line, they steal a kiss, which is then caught on camera for a news report on TV.
Watching the news report about the Naked Mile back at home, Tracy is upset and feels guilty that she allowed Erik the free pass.
Her friends convince her to also lose her virginity before he gets back.
Later that evening, Erik realizes that he loves Tracy, confesses to Brandi that he can't sleep with her, and rushes back to see his girlfriend.
When he gets to her house, Tracy's dad says she is at a party and Erik arrives at the party just as Tracy has headed upstairs, presumably to lose her virginity to her ex-boyfriend.
Erik loudly pounds on the closed bedroom door, proclaiming his love for her.
However, Tracy was not in the room because she had decided that she could not go through with her plans.
The two decide that they should be each other's first, and they make love.
When Erik returns to the Beta house to pick up his friends the next morning, each boy shares stories of his experiences from the night before.
The guys then ask Erik if he "sealed the deal" with Brandi that night, and Erik tells them no, prompting Ryan and Cooze to pay up on their bet, until Erik tells them about his adventure back home to make up to Tracy and finally lose his virginity.
The guys are now proud of Erik for officially living up to the Stifler family name, and the three friends finally drive back to East Great Falls.
During the post-Naked Mile party, Dwight spots Vicky (Winkler), the girlfriend of Rock (Prentice), the leader of the midget fraternity, and the two of them head up to Dwight's room to have sex.
Later, as the film closes, Dwight sent a DVD to Rock that reads, "Payback's a bitch".
It reveals both Dwight and Vicky having sex, as Rock yells out, "Stifler.
" As it turns out, Dwight and Vicky start dating, and they end up traveling the world together, as various postcard pictures show their many journeys together as the end credits roll.
Jimmy Shannon (Buster Keaton) is the junior partner in the brokerage firm of Meekin and Shannon, which is on the brink of financial ruin.
A lawyer (whom they dodged, mistakenly believing he was trying to add to their woes) finally manages to inform Jimmy of the terms of his grandfather's will.
He will inherit seven million dollars if he is married by 7:00&nbsp;pm.
on his 27th birthday, which happens to be that same day.
Shannon immediately seeks out his sweetheart, Mary Jones, who readily accepts his proposal.
However, when he clumsily explains why they have to get married that day, she breaks up with him.
He returns to the country club to break the news to his partner and the lawyer.
Though Jimmy's heart is set on Mary, Meekin persuades him to try proposing to other women to save them both from ruin or even possibly jail.
He has Jimmy look in the club's dining room; Jimmy knows seven women there (the chances of the title).
Each turns him down.
In desperation, Jimmy asks any woman he comes across.
Even the hat check girl rejects him.
He finally finds one who agrees, but it turns out she is underage when her mother spots her and takes her away.
Meanwhile, Mary's mother persuades her to reconsider.
She writes a note agreeing to marry Jimmy and sends the hired hand to deliver it.
Unaware of this, Meekin has his partner's predicament (and potential inheritance) printed in the newspaper, asking would-be brides to go to the Broad Street Church at 5m.
Hordes of veiled women descend on the place.
When they spot Jimmy (who had fallen asleep on a pew), they begin to fight over him.
Then the clergyman appears and announces he believes it all to be a practical joke.
Infuriated, the women chase after Jimmy.
While hiding, he gets Mary's note.
He races to Mary's house, pursued by furious females.
Along the way, he accidentally starts an avalanche, which drives away the mob.
When he gets to Mary's home, Meekin shows him his watch; he is minutes too late.
Mary still wants to marry him, money or no, but he refuses to let her share his impending disgrace.
Fortunately, when he leaves, he sees by the church clock that Meekin's watch is fast.
He and Mary wed just in time.
Nate Cooper is unable to get it together with women.
But he also cannot forget his first crush, the tall, attractive, blonde Cristabel Abbott, from their time in elementary school.
Nate sets out for the beaches of California and meets up with his geeky best friend Arno, whose mother has an unnatural amount of information about Cristabel, and perhaps an unusual relationship with her son.
Cristabel jogs on the beach every day with many suitors trying to catch her eye, including an albino stalker.
But she's still single, and there is a reason: Cristabel is still best friends with the same short, unattractive brunette girl whom Nate also knew in elementary school, June Phigg.
Nate reintroduces himself to Cristabel and they hit it off.
However, Cristabel refuses to go on a date with Nate unless June has a date as well.
Nate sets out to find a boyfriend for June, but men recoil at the sight of her.
One day at the Santa Monica Pier, Johann Wulrich, an attractive dentist who works as a part-time model, appears in their lives.
He seems to want to do a makeover on June when he apparently sees her inner beauty.
However, Nate believes that Johann is a threat to his shot for Cristabel, since Johann is almost perfect.
Eventually, with June dating Johann, Cristabel finally begins dating Nate, per his original plan.
Over the next few weeks, as Nate and June become friends and she emerges from her cocoon, with her face and appearance transforming into that of an attractive woman whose beauty begins to compare with Cristabel, Nate slowly realizes that June may be the girl of his dreams.
Nate tells this to Cristabel, who is happy for June.
Nate then tries to find June, and finds her, telling her how he feels.
In 1968, Bobby Fontana (Lewis Smith), a young greaser-type rebel, challenges Joe Barnes (Mark Metcalf) to a game of chicken for making a pass at his girlfriend Emily (Jane Kaczmarek).
Bobby wins the race easily when Joe dives out of his car, but Bobby is unable to get out of the car in time due to his bracelet getting caught on the gearshift.
He dies as his car plummets over the cliff into a fiery wreck.
Bobby awakens to find himself aboard a speeding train, which stops at a station housing a huge escalator going up into a bright white light, which one of the attendants refers to as "Uptown".
Bobby is denied entry, and Rafferty (Richard Mulligan) appears and explains that he isn't considered ready yet and needs to carry out an assignment in order to earn his ticket Uptown.
After many years in limbo Bobby is finally given his assignment: he is to return to Earth and act as a guardian angel and friend for Lenny Barnes (Jason Gedrick), a promising high school student who is constantly picked on in school, particularly by school bullies Fred Gallo (Stephen Gregory) and Bill McIntyre (Beau Dremann).
However, Bobby is instructed that he is only allowed to reveal himself to Lenny and nobody else.
Bobby helps Lenny by giving him a makeover, assisting him in dealing with Fred and Bill, and helping him win the affection of the hottest girl in school, Sharon (Anne Sawyer).
However, Bobby eventually realizes that the new lifestyle Lenny is leading is not noble, as it causes him to rebel against everyone, including his parents.
Bobby soon realizes that Lenny's mother is Emily, his former girlfriend, and is married to Joe, the man he died racing against.
Bobby breaks the Uptown rules and reveals himself to Emily to confess his love for her, and Emily informs him that he is actually Lenny's father.
In a scene reminiscent of the opening sequence, Lenny is challenged to a chicken race at the local quarry by Fred, Sharon's former boyfriend.
Having been told by Rafferty that Lenny will die just as Bobby did earlier, Bobby offers to trade his own chance to move Uptown (essentially, his own immortal soul) to save Lenny's life.
Much like Bobby's car race, the race ends with Lenny and Bobby flying over the edge of a cliff, and the car exploding in a fiery wreck.
However, Bobby prevents Lenny from dying, and they climb up the cliff together.
Bobby helps Lenny see the error of his ways as Lenny reunites with his long-time friend Melissa (Nancy Valen), who was in love with him and by his side even during his "nerdy years".
After bidding an emotional goodbye to Lenny, during which he tells him that they will always be best friends, Bobby offers himself to Rafferty to fulfill his end of the bargain by accepting a ride "Downtown" (essentially, to Hell).
However, Rafferty explains that this will not be happening.
Bobby incredulously asks why, since he had made a deal to trade his own soul for Lenny's second chance at life.
Rafferty explains to Bobby that he had learned to love and value someone more than himself, and that is how one earned a ticket Uptown.
Lenny and his girlfriend then watch Bobby and Rafferty fly into the sky on a motorbike, while the movie ends with Bobby going on the escalator to Uptown.
In London in 1750, renowned English actor David Garrick announces onstage that he has been invited to Paris to work with the prestigious Comédie-Française.
A person in the audience jeers that the French want him to teach them how to act.
The playwright Beaumarchais (Lionel Atwill) returns to the Comédie-Française and attributes the remark to Garrick himself.
The outraged French actors, led by their president, Picard (Melville Cooper), decide to make him an object of public ridicule.
They take over a wayside inn where he will be staying, and Beaumarchais devises a plot intended to humiliate Garrick by frightening him into returning to England.
On his way to Paris, Garrick is met by Jean Cabot (Etienne Girardot), an admirer who works as a Comédie-Française prompter.
Cabot warns the actor about the plot and advises him to travel straight to Paris, but Garrick decides to continue on to the inn and play along with French actors, despite the misgivings of his servant Tubby (Edward Everett Horton).
A complication arises when Germaine Dupont, Countess de la Corbe (Olivia De Havilland), arrives at the inn soon after.
Garrick believes she is one of the actresses (and not a very good one), when she is actually fleeing a marriage arranged by her father.
She falls in love with Garrick, and he plays along.
Meanwhile, the French try to discomfort the Englishman with a sword fight, a shootout between a husband and his wife's lover, a mad waiter (Luis Alberni), and at the end, a violent blacksmith (Trevor Bardette).
After overhearing the "blacksmith" remind himself to hit the anvil with his hammer and not Garrick's head, Garrick disguises himself as the blacksmith and, pretending to be drunk, tells the aghast French actors that he has struck and killed their intended victim.
Then he reveals his identity.
Relieved, Picard apologizes and begs him to join them in Paris.
Garrick graciously accepts.
Before they leave, however, he criticizes Germaine for her bad acting, infuriating her.
At his premiere in Paris, playing Don Juan, Garrick learns that Germaine is not a member of the company.
Realizing that she was telling the truth and that he actually loves her, he is too distraught to perform.
Fortunately, Jean Cabot informs him that he ran into Germaine and explained the whole thing to her.
She forgives him and is in the audience.
Reporter Jean Christy (Rosalind Russell) works for a newspaper in danger of being thrown away by its young owner, Pat Buckley (Patric Knowles), after Buckley has a falling-out with the editor-in-chief, Robert Lansford (Errol Flynn).
Meanwhile, Lansford hopes to gain tycoon John Dillingwell's (Walter Connolly) business for his public relations firm, and uses his position at Buckley's paper to drum up good press for Dillingwell.
In the process, he discovers that Dillingwell's granddaughter Lorri (Olivia de Havilland) is Buckley's fiancée.
Lansford decides to try to charm Lorri while Christy makes a play for Buckley.
Newspaper reporter Pete (Bing Crosby) works in a Paris orphanage.
His charming way with children and music enables him to find homes for even the most troubled kids.
One afternoon, mr and mrs Godfrey (Alan Reed and Minna Gombell), an American couple, come to the orphanage to adopt Bobby, a boy they saw in one of the ads Pete ran in his newspaper.
Bobby misbehaves, but when Pete discovers that mr Godfrey plays for the Boston Symphony Orchestra, he quickly produces a young blind opera wunderkind, Theresa (Anna Maria Alberghetti), who sings her way into the Godfreys' hearts.
Later that night, Pete dreams that the fiancee he left behind in America, Emmadel (Jane Wyman) has visited.
She appears in a hologram atop his record player, scolding him for leaving her at the altar and talks about the children they might have had.
Filled with regret, Pete arranges to adopt both Bobby and his little sister Suzi and bring them to Boston, where he'll marry Emmadel.
American authorities inform him that he must marry within five days or the adoption will be void.
After delays in obtaining the children's birth certificates, they and Pete finally fly to Boston, and go to Emmadel's house.
While she bonds with Bobby and Suzi, Pete discovers that Emmadel is engaged to an aristocratic man, Wilbur Stanley, whose office she works in.
She had gotten tired of waiting for Pete's arrival home.
The kids stay with her loud parents (drunken father James Barton, a fisherman, and disapproving mother Connie Gilchrist).
Pete tries everything to win Emmadel back.
She helps him secure a lease on a new house via her fiance's company.
However, when Pete and the children arrive at the house in the rain, they discover that another couple (the McGonigles) also have a lease for the property.
Emmadel's fiance Wilbur shows up to settle the matter.
Wilbur offers Pete a ride to another house - but Pete talks him into letting them stay at the Stanley family's gatehouse.
They agree to a friendly competition for Emmadel's heart during the few days leading up to the wedding.
Pete and the children settle into the Stanleys' lavish gatehouse, where Emmadel's parents are also staying.
Emmadel meets Wilbur's amiable elderly relatives, who present her with $500,000 as a wedding gift.
Her parents embarrass her by running screaming through the garden.
Emma discovers Pete's presence and visits the gatehouse to have it out with him.
While she pulls Suzi's loose tooth, Pete pretends to be in love with Winnifred, Wilbur's fourth cousin twice-removed, and laughs when Emmadel pratfalls on her huge party dress.
Pete reveals his plan to Winnifred Stanley.
He discovers that she has long been in love with her cousin Wilbur, but feels too socially awkward to pursue him.
In a bit of Pygmalion, Pete teaches Winnifred to feel comfortable with herself.
Winnifred's newfound confidence bubbles over at the wedding rehearsal.
She and Emmadel erupt in a brawl on the front lawn.
Winnifred concedes the fight, and Emmadel declares that she's proud to be a fisherman's daughter.
The wedding day arrives.
News reporters line the outdoor chapel, proclaiming this the Cinderella story of the decade.
As he escorts Emma down the aisle, Pa Jones tells her that Pete kidnapped the children and ran so they wouldn't be sent back to France.
Emmadel begins to have second thoughts.
Pete shows up at precisely the wrong moment, handcuffed to a policeman, with both crying kids in tow.
Although Wilbur offers to marry Emma and adopt the children, Bobby and Suzi cling sobbing to Pete.
On national television, Wilbur abandons his own wedding and forces a reluctant Emma and a protesting (but secretly thrilled.
) Pete to marry.
Pete, Emmadel, Bobby, Suzi, Ma and Pa Jones all ride off for their honeymoon together.
Ryan Dunne (Freddie Prinze, Jr) is a local baseball prospect who gets an opportunity to play in the Cape Cod Baseball League for the Chatham Athletics.
Dunne was born and raised in Chatham, Massachusetts and dreams of playing in the major leagues.
He helps his dad with his landscaping business and takes care of Veteran's Field, where the Chatham A's play.
During this time of year, wealthy families come to town to vacation, and live on Shore Road, the wealthier part of town.
Ryan, in his dedication to making the pros, he has sworn off girls and beer to avoid distractions, even to the point of sleeping on the field the night before the first practice.
But after partying with his friends, and sleeping with Dede Mulligan (Brittany Murphy), he oversleeps, is missing his clothes, and shows up late to practice inside the clubhouse, wearing Dede's clothing.
The next day, Ryan sees Tenley Parrish (Jessica Biel) for the first time, as he and his father are mowing the Parrish family's lawn.
That evening, Ryan joins his friends and teammates at the bar, The Oasis, managed by his older brother Mike (Jason Gedrick).
Before tensions get high between Ryan and the rival pitcher and teammate Van Leemer (Corey Pearson), Brubaker (Matthew Lillard) ushers him off to meet some ladies nearby, one of them being Tenley.
The next day, the A's have their first game of the season, where Van Leemer shines pitching a shut out, while Ryan is told to walk the stands for donations.
That evening at the Oasis, a scuffle starts up between Van Leemer and Ryan's local friends Auggie Mulligan (Gabriel Mann) and Pete (Jed Rhein).
Ryan comes over to break it up, but is stopped by his brother Mike and told to go outside.
He storms off as Tenley comes in, who follows him outside.
She teases him about his baseball uniform that she saw him in earlier, and they share their first kiss.
The next night Ryan is pitching in his first game of the season.
The game goes well for the A's until the last inning when Ryan gives up a grand slam, allowing the other team to take the lead and win the game.
Ryan returns home from the game, to find his dad drunk and upset about the loss.
Later, Ryan goes to see Tenley where he confides about his rocky relationship with his father & concerns about failing as a baseball player.
She tells him that if he wants to succeed, he needs to take bigger risks.
The next morning, they both get lectures from their parents about their love life.
Tenley's dad (Bruce Davison) smugly tells her that he invited her ex boyfriend to come visit.
She storms off angry at the news, and later that night, she and Ryan take an evening swim in her pool as it's raining, falling in love with each other, before being chased off by her dad.
The next night at the game, Brubaker finally gets his first hit breaking his slump and improves during the season.
Meanwhile Ryan is distracted by Tenley and feels a lot of pressure from scouts, family, the Parrish family, and friends.
He is told that he's getting the start for an upcoming big game, and is given a hard time from Van Leemer which doesn't help his confidence or nerves.
He goes to the Oasis to talk to his brother for support, but also receives no support.
The bad night continues when he goes to see Tenley at home, meets her ex-boyfriend, and is embarrassed by her parents in front of him.
They have a huge fight in the driveway in which she tells him that her parents don't know about them, and makes Ryan feel like he's just a summer fling.
The next night, Ryan starts out well in the big game, but comes apart later on.
The loss causes him to be demoted from his starting position to the bullpen in a relief position.
Despite the bad outing, Hugh Alexander (John McGinley) the scout for the Philadelphia Phillies is still interested in Ryan.
Dejected at his struggles and being demoted, Ryan snaps at Auggie and Pete after the game and says he likely won't appear at the final games.
Showing what true friends are, Auggie snaps back at Ryan, stating that despite everything they will always be there to support him.
The next morning, Tenley is mowing the Dunne's lawn and Ryan goes out to talk to her, they make up, and she invites him to the party at the Parrish house that night.
At the party, Rand corners Ryan telling him that he wants Ryan to leave Tenley alone, or he will have his father replaced as the lawn maintenance person for all the rich families on Shore Road.
Ryan tells him off, then leaves the party.
Tenley follows him out and he asks her to meet him on the field after the game.
At home, Ryan tells his dad what Rand said, and he doesn't appear concerned, but apologizes for snapping at him a few nights ago.
And tells Ryan not to get discouraged with baseball.
That night on the field after the game, Tenley meets Ryan to talk, and he tells her to go to San Francisco.
Meanwhile, Van Leemer and Dale Robin (Christian Kane) get into the new press box with two girls.
As Van Leemer goes upstairs with his date, he unknowningly kicks a lit matchbook he had used for light into a box of newspapers, setting them on fire.
Minutes later, the press box is ablaze with them trapped inside.
Ryan comes to their aide, getting all four of them out unharmed, but the brand new press box is a total loss.
It appears in the newspaper, showing both Ryan and Tenley, which causes another fight between Tenley and her dad.
Van Leemer and Robin are kicked off the team.
And since Ryan has the freshest arm and the most rest, and is designated to start the final game.
As Rand is getting ready to leave, Ryan's father drops by and quits as his lawn maintenance man, and politely tells him off at the same time.
Meanwhile, Dominguez finally gives into his house mother, which in turn helps his game on the field.
Later on, Ryan visits Mike at the bar, who finally gets the encouragement he needs from his big brother.
As he leaves the bar, Tenley appears to tell him she's leaving for San Francisco, where she tells him to let himself be great, before hugging him goodbye.
The next day, Ryan's friends, dad and brother, along with several major league scouts including Alexander, attend the game to watch Ryan have the best game of his life.
He dominates the game with a no hitter, and at one point he notices that Tenley has stopped by on her way to the airport.
And in the ninth inning, Ryan realizes how much he loves Tenley and wants to leave the game so he can stop her from leaving.
Auggie and Pete rush him to the airport, where he catches Tenley before she boards her plane.
They both admit their love for each other, and she agrees to stay and not go to San Francisco, where she has a job lined up for her.
Ryan's dad and Mike arrives with the scout Alexander, to tell him that his team held onto the no hitter for him, and won the game.
Alexander offers Ryan a contract with the Phillies minor league team, which he happily accepts.
In a mid-credits scene, everyone is at The Oasis to watch Ryan in his big league start with the Phillies.
He pitches to Ken Griffey, Jr, who on one pitch, launches it into the stands for a home run.
Then Philadelphia Phillies' players Mike Lieberthal, Doug Glanville, and Pat Burrell, along with outfielder Ken Griffey, Jr, make appearances at the end of the film.
Other notable cameos in the movie include Kevin Youkilis, Curt Gowdy, Hank Aaron and Carlton Fisk.
After Zia commits suicide, he finds himself in an afterlife limbo much the same as life, just slightly worse.
Here the color is dim, there are no stars, and no one can smile.
This strange realm is populated by people who have committed suicide, such as Eugene, a Russian musician who lives with his mother, father, and brother – all suicide victims.
Together they waste most of their afterlives in bars, until Zia learns from a friend, Brian, that his ex-girlfriend, Desiree, has also committed suicide.
He and Eugene take to the road to find her, in Eugene's rundown car.
Early on, it is revealed that Eugene's car has two idiosyncrasies: a sort of black hole underneath the passenger seat where items that are dropped disappear forever and broken headlights that cannot be fixed by even the most adept of mechanics.
On their trip, they pick up hitchhiker Mikal, who insists there has been a mistake, and is seeking the "people in charge" (aka.
the PIC) in order to be sent back.
After a few adventures across the country, as the trio journey along a desolate highway, Mikal pushes a button, miraculously activating the broken headlights on Eugene's car.
Shortly thereafter, they come upon a man lying in the middle of the dark highway, forcing them to veer off the road in order to avoid hitting him and wrecking the car in the process.
They discover the man, Kneller (Tom Waits), an eccentric commune leader, had fallen asleep while looking for his dog.
Kneller invites them back to his camp, where they quickly discover that minor "miracles" occur, as long as the campers remain apathetic about the result.
The group stays with the camp longer than intended, and Zia begins to obsess over the miracles and his inability to perform them.
When contrasting this to Mikal's obsession with the people in charge, she reveals that her death was an accidental overdose.
Eugene meets a young woman, Nanuk, whom he romances.
Just as Mikal and Zia discuss their plans to leave Kneller's camp, another camper, Yan, emerges from the woods with news that Kneller's dog has been abducted by a cult leader called "Messiah King".
Kneller, Zia, Mikal, and Yan set off in search of King and Kneller's dog.
The group soon find themselves lost and decide to bed down for the night.
Unable to sleep, Mikal and Zia discover a nearby ocean shore, where they kiss and spend the night together.
In the morning, Kneller discovers them lying among a mass of (presumably used) condoms and needles.
The group eventually reach King's camp, where they discover that King (Will Arnett) is readying himself for a "real" miracle – to separate his soul from his body.
As Kneller confronts King, Zia discovers that his Desiree is a devout cult follower, having committed suicide for the purpose of following King into the afterlife.
As King is about to perform public, ritual suicide, Kneller reveals himself to be an undercover agent for the people in charge.
King and Desiree are taken away, while Mikal leaves with them, promising Zia that she'll return.
As Zia waits, Eugene and Nanuk arrive, explaining that Mikal has been returned to life and Kneller's camp has been shut down.
They depart together on a train, giving Eugene's car to Zia.
After finally performing a miracle - creating a star in the sky next to one that Mikal had created earlier - Zia enters the black hole under the car seat.
The film cuts to a large warehouse filled with halls of boxes; Kneller is seen picking up Zia's file from a box, placing it into his inside breast pocket, and commenting on how fortunate it is to know people in high places.
The film cuts back to Zia, who wakes up in a hospital bed.
He turns his head, noting his parents outside a door talking to doctors.
When he looks at the person in the bed next to his, he sees Mikal.
Both look at each other and smile.
Molly Thatcher (Lee Remick) is a stockbroker languishing in a company run by sexist Bullard Bear (Jim Backus).
When the company does poorly, he will have to fire somebody; Molly is the obvious choice.
To avoid charges of sex discrimination, he assigns her the seemingly impossible task of unloading shares of an obscure company called Universal Widgets; when she fails, he will have an excuse to dismiss her.
Molly meets Henry Tyroon (James Garner), an aggressive wheeler dealer who dresses, talks, and acts like a stereotypical Texas millionaire.
He's more interested in her than in Universal Widgets, but decides to be of help in order to get closer to her.
As they spend time together, Molly watches Henry make complicated business deals, often in partnership with his Texan cronies, Jay Ray (Chill Wills), Ray Jay (Phil Harris), andR.
(Charles Watts).
One such deal is a venture into dealing modern art, with the aid of Stanislas (Louis Nye), a cynical avant-garde painter.
Molly and Henry have trouble figuring out Universal Widgets' reason for existence; its only factory burned down around the time of the Civil War.
It manufactures nothing and provides no service.
(Widgets, apparently, had something to do with horse-drawn carriages) It's just a corporation on paper whose sole asset is a huge block of shares in AT&T, bought long, long ago when the stock was ridiculously cheap.
Now it pays hefty, regular dividends to its complacent shareholders.
When Henry makes an attempt to take control of the undervalued company by questionable methods, over-enthusiastic government regulator Hector Vanson (John Astin) takes him to court.
Further complications arise when Jay Ray, Ray Jay, andR.
get Molly fired so she can spend more time with Henry; she thinks Henry is responsible.
The case is dismissed when it is determined that all the shares are in the hands of a few people, not the general public; the Texans are bought out at a sizable premium.
Once the Texas trio confess that they had Molly fired, she and Henry make up.
She discovers that he is really an Easterner and an Ivy League university graduate; the fake Texan act just helps him with his deal-making.
Frustrated with the fact that he cannot give his wife Priscilla (Parker Posey) an orgasm, Jack (Paul Rudd) moves out of the house and starts a relationship with Kristen (Mischa Barton), his student.
Unfulfilled, Priscilla forms an unlikely partnership with Wayne (Danny DeVito), a businessman more than twice her age.
A groom and his four groomsmen wrestle with issues such as fatherhood, homosexuality, honesty and growing up in the week leading up to his wedding.
Paulie (Burns), a self-supporting writer, is making plans for his marriage to Sue (Murphy), his girlfriend who is in her 5th month of pregnancy.
In real life, Burns' then-girlfriend, supermodel Christy Turlington, was also five months pregnant when they married in June 2003.
Christy inspired Burns to rework the manuscript for this movie, which he hadn't worked on in many months.
Paulie is strongly advised by his older brother Jimbo (Logue) to not go through with the wedding.
Jimbo, who runs a struggling business, is envious of Paulie, partly because his own childless marriage is unraveling.
C.
(Leguizamo), who left the neighborhood without explanation eight years earlier, returns for the wedding.
Apparently, before leaving,C.
had stolen a Tom Seaver baseball card from Paulie's cousin Mike (Mohr).
Mike still harbors such resentment over the loss that he immediately starts a fight withC.
Later,C.
hesitantly reveals that he abruptly left the neighborhood because he's gay and that he stole Mike's card because, even though they were best friends, he hated him for his constant verbal gay bashing.
The neighborhood bar is owned by Dez (Lillard), who is married with two children and is the most content and functional member of the gang.
He is continually trying to "get the band back together".
He has even pushed his own sons into learning the guitar and is seen riding them to become better.
Jessica Capshaw has a small role in this film.
Her stepfather, Steven Spielberg, directed Edward Burns in  Saving Private Ryan.
Ryan Banks is a struggling movie star.
His best friend and agent, Todd Doherty, creates a TV show called I Want to Marry Ryan Banks in hopes of saving Banks's faltering career.
The show works much like the Bachelor TV show, with fifteen beautiful women competing for Banks's love and affection.
Charlie Norton becomes a contestant when her sister and brother-in-law submit an audition tape for her.
Like all the other girls, Norton is picked in order to help boost Banks's image.
She is then contacted at her sister's Boston bar by Banks himself, and decides to participate on the show.
Once in the house, Norton becomes fast friends with her roommate Lauren, an aspiring actress who is only using the show to get exposure.
She also discovers how "reality" TV shows work, with multiple takes and editing.
As Norton thinks she is falling for Banks, Doherty is feeding him lines.
When Norton discovers the man she is in love with is really Doherty, she tries to quit the show, only to find out that it would breach her contract.
As "America's choice", Norton and Lauren become the two finalists, despite Norton trying to sabotage her own chances by changing her sweet and easy-going behavior while on a trip with Banks.
With Banks's help, Doherty manages to get Norton back, and they are married a year later.
Uma (Natalia Verbeke) lives in the city of Buenos Aires with her friend Roberto, who happens to be homosexual.
She works as a flight attendant, and her job lets her travel all around the world and live an independent life without commitments.
But she has a dream to fulfill: to be a mother.
Since she can't find the perfect man, thanks to her job, she decides to look for a sperm donor in different parts of the world, but what she is looking for her child's father can't be found anywhere in the sperm banks.
After being desperate and tired of not being able to complete her goal, she decides to look for the perfect man that has all the requirements she wants in a father, to leave her pregnant.
Lucía (Nancy Dupláa) is Uma's best friend, divorced with a daughter called Violeta, and is always willing to give Uma a hand in whatever she needs.
She manages a travel agency, in which a guide called Nico (Pablo Echarri) works, and is Lucía's future husband.
Nico is what every woman wants; handsome, intelligent, a good person and loves kids.
All this characteristics make Uma choose him as the donor.
But there is a complication, asking Lucía if she can borrow her boyfriend, to accomplish her dream.
When Uma convinces Lucía, she agrees and then tells Nico, which after thinking about it agrees as well.
Considering it as "simple donation" in which each person would later follow their own lives.
But this simple transaction will bring problems after Uma gets pregnant, and the feelings that no one was waiting for appear, transforming the lives of each of the characters.
British newlywed Regina Lambert lives in Paris with her husband, Charlie.
She returns home following a short vacation, determined to divorce Charlie, only to discover their apartment has been stripped bare and that her husband has been murdered.
Regina is soon reunited with a mysterious stranger she met on her holiday.
He helps her piece together the truth about the deceased Charlie and deal with three menacing people who are now following her.
General Pandemonium (Yosemite Sam as Major Strasser) gets a frantic call from Foghorn Leghorn saying that a secret German document has been stolen, and immediately heads for the Carrotblanca nightclub---the Cafe Au Lait Americain.
At the nightclub, Usmarte (Tweety Bird as Ugarte, depicted like Peter Lorre), the actual thief, convinces Bugs Bunny (as Rick Blaine) to take the document.
Meanwhile, Sylvester Slazlo (as Victor Lazlo) and his wife Kitty Ketty (Penelope Pussycat as Ilsa) arrive at the club.
Ketty attracts the unwanted attention of Captain Louis (Pepé Le Pew) but she scratches him and throws him into the wall.
Ketty, who is a former girlfriend of Bugs, asks Daffy Duck (as Sam) to play her favorite song.
General Pandemonium suspects Sylvester may know about the document and binds him in his office.
Ketty pleads with Bugs to help Sylvester out of this.
Though Bugs is initially reluctant due to the fact that Ketty broke his heart, he goes to the General's office nevertheless and confuses the General himself into jail.
The story climaxes with Sylvester and Ketty escaping on the plane for Toronto, New York City and Cucamonga, as Bugs watches them go.
except that they find Louis on the plane working as a steward.
Louis asks Ketty, "Coffee, tea, or moi.
", causing her to jump out of the plane in fright, seemingly without a parachute, landing right in front of Bugs.
They kiss, then the parachute opens, covering them.
The Warner Bros.
Family Entertainment logo appears with "That's All Folks.
" written on top of it.
Tweety pops up and says (in Peter Lorre's voice) "That's All Folks.
" and the cartoon ends off.
This cartoon contains the Looney Tunes-logo, but the Merrie Melodies-leader can be heard.
The film is told through the stories of two women: Nana, a grandmother, and Daisy, her granddaughter.
Daisy tells Nana of her strong and blossoming romance with a young man named Ethan and her problems at school because she's Jewish.
Nana tells the story of her young life when she was sent to a ghetto and then a concentration camp.
The romantic love feelings she has for the boy are indeed strong and genuine, but the romantic love he has for her is questionable.
He lets his friends judge her from the outside, not for who she is on the inside, and when she turns out to not be like every other girl he breaks up with her.
Daisy is sad so she goes and sees Nana and takes her anger out on her.
She then runs away and tries to kill herself but she does not.
At the end, she tries to see him again but he looks at her for a long time and walks away with his friends.
She stands there; heartbroken, sad and crying, realizing that maybe it was not meant to be and she walks away happy.
Bill Dancer and his young companion Curly Sue are the archetypal homeless folks with hearts of gold.
Their scams are aimed not at turning a profit, but at getting enough to eat.
After moving from Detroit to Chicago, the duo cons the rich divorce lawyer Grey Ellison into believing she backed her Mercedes into Bill, in hopes of a free meal.
When Grey accidentally collides with Bill for real, she insists on putting the two up for the night, even over the objections of her snotty fiance Walker McCormick.
After a confrontation with Bill exposing the truth of the con, Grey lets them stay for as long as they need when she understands the precarious position the homeless pair are in.
One night, Bill tells Grey that he is not Sue's father, he met Sue's mother one night in Florida.
After Sue's mother died, Bill raised her himself, growing to love her like his own, thus when they lost their home and money, Bill could not find it in his heart to give Sue up and put her into an orphanage, so he took Sue with him.
Grey, thinking Bill has been neglecting and abusing Sue by using her in his cons and scams, suggests Sue stay with her when he leaves, but this only angers Bill, who says that after all the years he looked after her, if he gave up Sue now, people would make fun of her for being on welfare.
He tells her that he is not neglecting or abusing Sue; he cares about Sue and his cons are to provide for Sue.
However, when it becomes apparent that Sue is completely unable to read or write (despite spelling a difficult word earlier), Grey begins to push even harder for Bill to leave Sue with her.
Eventually, Bill realizes that this is where she belongs - in a home, cared for by someone that can give her the advantages that his homeless, nomadic existence lacks.
Walker turns them in and Sue gets put into welfare.
Bill is arrested, because he never actually had custody of the child.
Eventually, Grey gets Sue out and Bill is freed.
Sue and Grey return to their apartment, and discover a tin ring (the one which was stolen earlier), which Sue takes as a sign that Bill chose to leave her behind with Grey.
(It is implied that Bill pawned a ring left to Sue by her mother, which he would return to her when it came time for the two to part forever) However, the ring is accompanied by a note that says that he is in another room.
Sue happily turns to find Bill, realizing that the ring is not a sign that he will leave her but a sign that he is going to abandon his old lifestyle in order to give Sue the home she needs and in order to pursue a romance with Grey.
After Mickey is released from a mental hospital, where his stories are perceived as lies, he goes back to Los Angeles in search of a woman named Eve.
When he arrives at the bar that bears her name, he is immediately attracted to the new owner, a former call girl also named Eve.
She tells Mickey she bought the bar after the old owner killed herself, "over some guy".
The bar is a popular spot for patrons looking for one night stands as well as streetwalkers looking for potential johns.
Although Eve is also attracted to Mickey, she refuses to commit to any one man, confessing to radio talk show host dr Nancy Love that she ruined too many marriages to have one of her own.
That night Eve rebuffs Mickey's advances and sleeps with the bartender who has a crush on her, while avoiding the wealthy married man she's been having an affair with.
That same night, dr Nancy Love answered Eve's ad for a roommate to share her house, and moves in the next day.
Nancy conceals her identity and begins to observe Eve's romantic entanglements even as she counsels Eve through her radio show.
When Eve's married lover, Zack, calls looking for her, Nancy asks penetrating questions and begins dispensing relationship advice, despite the fact that she herself has been unable to maintain a successful relationship.
Zack in turn resumes his pursuit of Eve, although his wife, Pearl, has begun to haunt Eve's bar hoping to catch him with her, unbeknownst to Eve.
Mickey comes back to the bar the next night when he is unable to pay for a bus ticket home to Las Vegas.
Pearl asks his opinion of a poem, and when she argues his interpretation Mickey reveals that he taught poetry, as well as being a photographer and a former soldier.
Eve is intrigued but cool, and Mickey leaves when Pearl offers to get him into a hot card game where he can get the money for a ticket home.
When she drops him off, Mickey kisses Pearl and asks her to marry him, but she just laughs, calling him crazy, although she invites him to drop by her place, and gives him Eve's address and phone number.
At the game Mickey wins big, earning the ire of Pearl's husband Zack.
Zack warns Mickey not to come back, before he goes to meet Eve, but Eve in turn sends Zack away, telling him their affair is over.
Mickey goes to Pearl's apartment to crash, and when he wakes up begins taking pictures as she sleeps.
She is just waking up when Zack walks in, still stinging from Eve's rejection, and he attacks Mickey, pulling a gun and taking back the money he lost.
He slaps Pearl after Mickey runs out, assuming they slept together.
It is implied that Zack frequently abuses Pearl emotionally and physically and perhaps she was hoping to catch her husband with Eve so she could finally have an excuse to divorce him.
Mickey calls Eve's house, and when Nancy answers pleads to come over and crash, hanging up before he realizes who she is.
When he arrives Nancy tells him Eve isn't home, and while he is confused he welcomes the chance to bathe and eat when she allows him in.
She snoops in his suitcase while he bathes, finding memorabilia showing the truth of his stories and travels.
As he eats they talk about Eve, but sensing her loneliness he sweeps her into bed, then asks her to marry him and go with him to Las Vegas.
Nancy laughs, but tells him she doesn't believe he's crazy.
Then she tells him to leave before she goes to work.
Eve calls into Nancy's radio show from the office above her bar, torn between her attraction for Mickey and her fear of making another mistake.
Nancy's post-coital euphoria overcomes her normal intellectual approach, and she encourages Eve to give in to, rather than resist, her feelings.
So when Mickey comes looking for Eve that night, she is almost ready to give in when Zack appears and assaults Mickey again.
Eve takes off while they are fighting, and when she gets home is suddenly confronted by Nancy, who tells her everything.
Eve is devastated when Nancy proposes that they "share" Mickey's affection, and she tells Nancy she can have him, before rushing out.
Mickey goes back to Eve's house to recover his suitcase, and Zack finds him there and assaults him again.
But Mickey prevails, recovering the money and leaving with his suitcase.
He tries to cadge a ride to the bus station but spies Eve on the roof of the bar, and races up to see her.
She pulls a gun and threatens to kill herself until he does the same; then she breaks down and they embrace.
Soon they are on a bus, on their way to Las Vegas, and when a fellow passenger asks if they are gambling, Eve says you could call it that - they've just been married.
The film follows the exploits of recently graduated protagonist Marnie as she tries to find a temporary job and win the attention of a college friend named Alex (who is already in a relationship), while trying to cut down on her beer consumption.
The film's events take place around the Allston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.
Andy Schaeffer is a spoiled mama's boy who usually gets his way.
He breezes through college while girlfriend Susan Daniels studies hard while also working at a job to pay for her education.
She isn't sure where their relationship is going.
Where it's going for Andy is the Army, because his grades have become so poor at school, he's being drafted.
Andy reports for basic training at Fort Ord, making it clear to everybody there that he'd rather be anyplace else.
Josh Mallon (Bing Crosby) and Ace Lannigan (Bob Hope) are best friends and work aboard the same ship.
As their ship returns to the US after a long voyage, they see all the other sailors being mistreated by their wives and girlfriends, and the two friends pledge never to get involved with women again.
Unfortunately, this vow is tested almost immediately.
First, Ace is confronted by the family of a former lover, Cherry, who insist he marry her.
Then Josh, who is the son of rich shipping magnate (Charles Coburn), has to fend off his fiancee, Gloria (Judith Barrett), and his father's wishes that he settle down and take over the family business.
Things get worse when Josh and Ace get caught up fishing and turn up late for a party to celebrate Josh's engagement.
Gloria's hostile drunken brother starts a fistfight and a news reporter takes photographs that cause a scandal.
Josh and Ace flee to Hawaii and then head for Singapore.
However, the pair only get as far as the island of Kaigoon before their money runs out.
They rescue Mima (Dorothy Lamour), an exotic local (but not native) from her abusive dance-partner, Caesar (Anthony Quinn), and she moves into their hut.
Soon Mima is running the two men's lives, much to their chagrin.
The trio try to make money in several different ways, including trying to sell a spot remover that is so bad it dissolves clothes.
When Josh's father finally locates his wayward son, he and Gloria fly out to bring Josh back to face his responsibilities.
The resentful Caesar leads them to where Ace, Josh and Mima are enjoying a local feast.
By this point, both Josh and Ace have fallen in love with Mima.
She is heartbroken to learn that Gloria is Josh's fiancee.
Ace proposes to Mima, but before she can accept, Josh returns.
The two friends almost come to blows over Mima, but then decide that she should choose between them.
Mima picks Ace.
Josh boards an ocean liner with Gloria and his father.
Meanwhile, Caesar informs the local police that Ace is on the island illegally.
Ace is arrested when he cannot produce a passport, but manages to escape.
He and Mima flee aboard a ship, but Ace comes to realize that Mima really loves Josh.
When Josh's ship docks at a tropical port, a passenger complains about a terrible spot remover that disintegrated his suit jacket.
Josh realizes that Ace and Mima must be on the island.
When he finds them, Ace tells his best friend that Mima really loves him.
The film starts with con-artist Chuck Reardon (Bing Crosby) as a side-show caller at a circus advertising an act featuring his friend Hubert "Fearless" Frazier (Bob Hope), as a human cannonball, with 'Fearless' quickly substituting a dummy at the last minute and hiding in a secret compartment.
The flaming dummy sets the big tent on fire and everyone into a panic and the two of them flee.
Their subsequent acts show 'Fearless' doing more dangerous acts, usually getting injured.
When Chuck brings the next 'great idea', wrestling a live octopus, 'Fearless' finally balks and wants to go back to the states.
At a fancy restaurant, they're sent champagne by a wealthy man, diamond baron Charles Kimble (Eric Blore).
The festive mood turns sour when the police show up, but Kimble bails them out.
They decide to go home to the United States, but when Chuck goes to get the tickets Kimble invites him onto his yacht for a drink.
'Fearless' is busy packing and when Chuck comes back, he finds out Chuck spent all their money, five thousand, on the deed for one of Kimble's diamond mines.
It seems like a good deal, until they find out Kimble is an eccentric who would sign over anything and the deed is worthless.
Furious at Chuck losing all their money, 'Fearless' ends their partnership.
Later that evening, 'Fearless' comes back with a fistful of money, claiming to have 'sold' the diamond mine to some guy at a bar for SEVEN thousand.
They start to leave only to be confronted by the same man, Monsieur Lebec (Lionel Royce).
'Fearless' had inflated the story a little, so the Lebec and his huge bodyguard want Chuck and 'Fearless' to accompany them to actually see the mine.
Chuck and 'Fearless' manage to escape and jump onto a boat.
Stranded, they are propositioned by Julia Quimby (Una Merkel) to help rescue her friend, Donna LaTour (Dorothy Lamour), from being sold at a slave auction.
They bid 150 in local coin on her to rescue her.
Unbeknownst to both of them, Julia and Donna are also con-artists and take half of the payment to get food.
Donna reveals to Julia about the seven thousand Chuck and 'Fearless' have and how she has convinced them to take her and Julia on a safari across the country, not telling them it's to see Donna's wealthy boyfriend.
'Fearless' is reluctant to go, but Chuck convinces him it's the best way to hide out and really wants to help Donna.
On the safari, Donna romances 'Fearless', but he's unsure about her intentions, especially when she cuddles up to Chuck, who seems oblivious.
Julia also doesn't like Donna romancing Chuck and casually throws around the name of Donna's boyfriend.
As their journey continues, with the help of an announcer and a montage, Chuck and 'Fearless' both vie for Donna's attention.
During a moonlit canoe ride, Chuck proclaims his feelings and Donna realizes she's starting to fall for him too.
Julia tells Donna it would be foolish to give up her wealthy boyfriend for a side show crooner.
Chuck and 'Fearless' continue to fight over Donna, with Chuck drugging 'Fearless' and 'Fearless' ripping up Chuck's shirt.
Donna finally confides to 'Fearless' that despite her feelings for Chuck, her heart belongs to another.
Thinking its him, 'Fearless' agrees to tell Chuck.
Chuck refuses to believe 'Fearless, who is practically skipping, but then Julia comes in and tell them both about the rich boyfriend.
Chuck and 'Fearless' finally learn they've been had from the beginning and everything had been a set-up.
They angrily run into the jungle to confront her.
While she is swimming in the nude, a pair of leopards appear and tear her clothes while she hides in the reeds.
Upon seeing her torn clothes, Chuck and 'Fearless' assume she's dead.
They bury her clothes and have a funeral, all while Donna watches.
During their attempt at a eulogy, they admit that despite the fact she lied to them, they both loved her.
Chuck and  'Fearless' start to sing and burst into tears, until Donna sings to them and then they both turn on her.
They storm off into the jungle and the safari leaves without them.
While trying to find their way back, Chuck and 'Fearless' stumble upon skeleton-laden caves.
They jokingly bang on the drums only to summon a local tribe of natives.
The natives, thinking they are gods, adorn them with jewels and give them food.
Chuck and 'Fearless' thinks its great until the natives decide to test them by throwing 'Fearless' in a cage with a giant gorilla.
After a comical wrestling match, in which 'Fearless' loses, the natives prepare to cook them both, until they use their infamous 'patty cake' routine to escape.
They return to civilization, haggard, dirty and penniless until they hock the jewels they had received from the natives.
'Fearless' reluctantly lets Chuck go get the tickets.
When he comes back empty handed, 'Fearless' is crushed, until Chuck presents Donna and Julia.
Donna gave up the rich boyfriend because she's in love with Chuck.
When 'Fearless' asks what they are going to do for money, Chuck springs another 'great idea' and the film ends with the four of them again doing a carnival act, this time sawing a woman (Julia) in half.
Everything was going fine for hot young 25-year-old Jeana (Estella Warren) until her newscaster boyfriend accidentally revealed on TV that Jeana herself is still a virgin despite being in her mid 20s.
Jeana is completely humiliated by this, and adding insult to injury is the fact that the revelation of her virginity has made her a target for every oversexed man in the immediate area, all of them determined to "make a real woman out of her".
Noting dejectedly that ever since it was revealed that she is a virgin, everyman who looks at her "wants a date", all her optimistic romantic ideals have been shattered.
Ultimately she cannot salvage her relationship with her newscaster boyfriend, but in the end, she does finally find a man, a photographer, who is decent enough to be the man to whom she finally loses her virginity.
The film tells how an infatuated school-teacher, Sylvia Bruce, follows Bill Williams, a popular crooner, to Hollywood where he is to make a picture.
On board the train she obtains a job as maid to Bill's French fiancee and leading lady, Lili Yvonne, and meets the film's director, Conroy, and promoter, Baker.
On arrival in Hollywood she is befriended by Jill and shares her rooms.
At the Independent Art Studio in Hollywood, where the film is being made, Lili's temperament and lack of talent cause Conroy much concern.
Eventually, after losing her temper with a woman who asks for her autograph, Lili refuses to continue unless the woman is removed from the Studio.
She is persuaded to stay and production continues  with her singing 'Cinderella's Fella' but Conroy is still not satisfied and an angry Lili walks out.
Sylvia impersonates Lili's version of the song and ends with an  imitation of Lili's tantrums.
Lili returns in time to hear Sylvia and there is a brawl in which Lili gets a black eye.
Baker, who has also heard Sylvia, intervenes by  firing Lili and engaging Sylvia for the part.
Baker asks Sylvia to accompany him to a party but withdraws when Bill expresses his own interest in her.
Bill takes Sylvia to dinner and the party but a quarrel ensues and she accuses him of insincerity.
Bill deserts the film and goes with Lili to Tijuana where, drinking heavily, he receives a telephone call from the Studio with the ultimatum that if he does not return they will get a replacement.
Lili advises him to let them do so and suggests that they fly together to New York and on to Paris.
Sylvia finds him and pleads for him to come back to the Studio but returns without him.
In Hollywood there is difficulty with the player chosen to replace Bill and eventually Bill finally appears at the Studio to rejoin Sylvia in the film's closing sequence to sing 'Our Big Love Scene'.
The song 'Beautiful Girl' is sung by Crosby at the beginning of the film before his departure for Hollywood when technicians arrive to record it.
When he boards the train at Grand Central Terminal there is a big production number where he and the chorus sing 'Going Hollywood'.
He also sings a few lines of 'Just an Echo in the Valley'.
Crosby is also heard singing 'Our Big Love Scene' on the radio when Jill is showing Sylvia her apartment.
'We'll Make Hay While the Sun Shines' is a dream-sequence production number with thunderstorm effects at the Studio and is featured by Crosby, Marion Davies, chorus and dancers.
An impersonation act by The Radio Rogues is also filmed at the Studio and includes imitations of Kate Smith ('When The Moon Comes Over The Mountain').
Russ Columbo ('You Call It Madness But I Call It Love'), Morton Downey ('Remember Me.
') and Rudy Vallee ('My Dime Is Your Dime').
Crosby sings 'After Sundown' at the party.
'Temptation' was an early film attempt to fit a song into the story pattern  and was presented dramatically by Crosby whilst drinking tequila in a bar at Tijuana.
In 1912 New Orleans, a seamstress, Eudora, is reading the story of The Frog Prince to her daughter, Tiana, and her friend, Charlotte La Bouff.
Charlotte finds the story to be romantic, while Tiana proclaims she will never kiss a frog.
Fourteen years later, Tiana has grown into an aspiring young chef who works as a waitress for two local diners, so she can save enough money to start her own restaurant, a dream she shared with her deceased father James.
Prince Naveen of Maldonia arrives in New Orleans to better his financial situation.
After being cut off by his parents, Naveen intends to marry a rich southern belle, and Charlotte is the perfect candidate.
Eli "Big Daddy" La Bouff, a rich sugar baron and Charlotte's father, is hosting a masquerade ball in Naveen's honor.
Charlotte hires Tiana to make beignets for the ball, giving her enough money to buy an old sugar mill to convert into her restaurant.
Meanwhile, Naveen and his valet, Lawrence, encounter voodoo witch doctor dr Facilier.
Inviting them into his emporium, Facilier convinces them that he can make their dreams come true, but neither man gets what they are expecting; Naveen becomes a frog, while Lawrence is given a voodoo charm that makes him resemble Naveen.
Facilier intends for Lawrence to marry Charlotte, after which he will kill Big Daddy and claim his fortune.
At the ball, Tiana discovers she may lose the mill to a higher bidder.
Tiana then meets Naveen, who, believing her to be a princess because of her costume, asks her to kiss him and break Facilier's spell.
In exchange for the money needed, Tiana accepts, but when she kisses Naveen, she is turned into a frog herself.
A chase ensues, and Tiana and Naveen escape to a bayou.
At the bayou, Tiana and Naveen meet Louis, a trumpet-playing alligator who longs to be human, and Ray, a Cajun firefly.
Louis and Ray offer to lead Tiana and Naveen to the hoodoo priestess Mama Odie, who they believe can undo the curse.
During this time, Tiana and Naveen develop feelings for each other.
Meanwhile, Facilier makes a deal with the voodoo spirits, offering them the souls of the people of New Orleans in exchange for finding Naveen.
When the four find Mama Odie, she tells them that Naveen must kiss a true princess in order to break the spell.
They return to New Orleans to find Charlotte, who is the princess of the Mardi Gras Parade, but only until midnight.
Naveen tells Ray he loves Tiana and is willing to give up his dreams for her, but before he can tell her, he is captured by the demons and brought to Facilier.
After Ray tells Tiana that Naveen loves her, Tiana goes to the Mardi Gras parade to find a human "Naveen" marrying Charlotte; but Ray rescues the real Naveen and steals the charm that disguises Lawrence.
Ray finds Tiana, gives her the charm and attempts to hold off the demons so she can escape, but Facilier kills him.
Facilier then offers Tiana to make her restaurant dream come true in exchange for the charm.
Realizing she would rather be with Naveen, Tiana destroys the charm.
The angered voodoo spirits claim Facilier himself as payment for his debts and drag him to Hell.
Tiana and Naveen then reveal their love to each other and explain the situation to Charlotte, who agrees to kiss Naveen, as Lawrence is taken away by the police.
However, the clock strikes midnight before she can kiss him, but the two decide they are content to live together as frogs.
Tiana and Naveen are wed by Mama Odie; and because of Tiana's new status as princess, they are restored back to human form after their kiss.
Later, the couple return to New Orleans to celebrate, and together the two open their new restaurant.
Wallace (Dennis Quaid) and Wilder Foudroyant (Arliss Howard) are brothers and pyrokinetics.
Ever since a childhood tragedy where they accidentally killed a bum sleeping in a friend's "secret clubhouse," they've kept their firestarting abilities a secret.
Now that they're grown up and estranged, Wallace (performing as Biff the Clown in a traveling carnival) wants to debut his talents on The David Letterman Show.
Wilder has a monotonous job in a minuscule Kwik Foto booth at a dying mall and is a volunteer firefighter.
When Wallace brings the carnival to Wilder's Florida hometown, the tension between the brothers over Wilder's oversexed wife, Vida (Debra Winger), explodes.
Unable to convince Wilder to forgo his Bingo-calling on her first day of freedom after a year of house arrest for inadvertent arson, Vida goes off with Wally.
They share a kiss at a miniature golf course which bursts into the flames of their passion.
Returning home after he and the other firefighters have extinguished the flames at the golf course, Wilder discovers Vida and Wally about to make love on the roof of the house trailer.
Wally and Wilder fight it out, with Wally setting the trailer ablaze.
All three are jailed, but Wally and Vida are bailed out by Wally's friend and carnival partner, Rex (Jim Varney).
In a deep slump, Wilder goes back to the Kwik Foto (surrounded by the carnival) while Vida stays at the firehouse.
Wally goads him into fighting for Vida, and their climactic fight sets half the carnival's rides ablaze.
The denouement shows Vida and Wilder (the latter now wearing Vida's house arrest ankle monitor) watching Wallace on a successful Letterman reappearance as dr Napalm.
Marci Feld, a spoiled Jewish-American princess, is forced to take control of her father's hardcore rap label, Felony Assault, when her father Ben suffers a stress-induced heart attack due to the controversy surrounding the label's song "Shoot Ya' Teacha" by dr To rescue her father's plummeting stock, Marci attempts to tone down the rapper's bad-boy image.
Over time, the unlikely pair falls in love just as conservative senator Mary Ellen Spinkle vows to banish dr S and his offensive lyrics from the airwaves forever.
Marilyn (Brenda Vaccaro) is a woman unexpectedly plunged into grief when her otherwise healthy husband is killed by a woman (Renée Taylor) backing her car out of a driveway.
She is introduced to the Boynton Beach Bereavement Club by Lois (Dyan Cannon), a talkative and flirtatious decorator who also serves as the club's unofficial social director.
Meanwhile, Harry (Joseph Bologna) tutors the newly widowed Jack (Len Cariou) in the related skills of cooking and courtship.
Harry considers himself a ladies' man, but his confidence is temporarily shaken when an Internet "dream date" turns out to be a prostitute (Janice Hamilton).
Jack eventually re-enters the dating scene, regaining his sexual confidence with the assistance of Sandy (Sally Kellerman).
Lois herself begins dating the relatively younger Donald (Michael Nouri), who does not turn out to be the eligible bachelor he seems.
The Wonder Circus comes to a town in the Midwest with its featured attraction, Jumbo the elephant.
Pop Wonder owns the circus, but his continued gambling losses in crap games leaves him (and the circus) with an ever-growing number of IOUs.
His daughter, Kitty Wonder, hires a newcomer, Sam Rawlins, as both a performer and tent hand.
She is unaware that Sam is the son of circus mogul John Noble, whose ambition is to buy the Wonder Circus for himself.
Noble has been quietly buying up the IOUs with Sam's help and abruptly takes control of the family's business, leaving the Wonders without a show.
Kitty, Pop and his longtime fiancee Lulu go off on their own, forming a traveling carnival, but it isn't quite the same.
Sam, however, has fallen in love with Kitty and has a guilty conscience about what he has done.
Sam splits from his father and rejoins the Wonders, bringing with him an old friend of theirs, Jumbo.
April's Shower begins with a group of people gathered for a wedding shower for April.
At first, it seems to be a normal gathering for such an occasion but, as time goes on, secrets and stories begin to be revealed.
Alex (Doolan) is a chef and a maid of honor at April's wedding.
She ultimately reveals her true feelings which ends up taking an effect on everybody at the shower.
Alex is a married Junior Leaguer with a penchant for interesting shoes.
Her Junior League chapter's annual project is to volunteer at Hope House, an AIDS hospice that recently opened in her home town of Azalea Springs, Texas.
Alex and her League friends, including her friend Sloan, tour Hope House.
Alex runs into her best friend Spencer, whose lover Bruce is a resident, and Grace, a friend from high school who had recently moved back to Azalea Springs to work at Hope House as a nurse.
That night at the town's annual Azalea Ball, a drunken Spencer tells a society matron that his homosexuality was caused by drinking the local water.
An equally drunken Sloan overhears and spreads the story.
A panic ensues, with the local newspaper printing the story and commissioning testing of the water supply.
Mark, the son of the publisher, objects to his father, but because Mark is himself struggling with his homosexuality and attending meetings of an ex-gay group at the local church, he's limited in what he can do to mitigate the story and the resultant damage.
The leader of the ex-gay group, Brother Daniel, announces plans to protest for the closing of Hope House.
Alex and Grace renew their friendship and Grace comes out as a lesbian to her.
Grace returned to Azalea Springs because her husband found out about an affair she was having with another woman and is now in prison for assaulting Grace.
At an ex-gay meeting, Mark meets Tomas, a painter.
Mark hires Tomas to re-paint his dining room.
The Junior League decides not to continue volunteering at Hope House.
Alex, who's resigned from the League, goes to work full-time at the hospice over her husband Robert's objections.
Alex develops some curiosity about her possible lesbianism and rents a number of classic lesbian-themed films: Desert Hearts; Lianna; Personal Best; Heavenly Creatures; Bar Girls; Claire of the Moon; The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love; an unnamed, presumably pornographic video; and, inexplicably, The Godfather Part III.
At Hope House, Alex gives in to her growing attraction to Grace and they kiss passionately in a supply room.
Sloan catches them and spreads the story all over town.
After Tomas paints Mark's dining room, they go out on a dinner date, where Mark learns that Tomas stumbled into the ex-gay meeting by mistake.
After dinner they go to Tomas's studio and Tomas shows Mark his paintings.
They make love.
Reaction is immediate and hostile, with Alex suffering indignities great and small, everything from the breakup of her marriage to the closing of her credit account at the local fried pie shop.
Following this, Mark gains the courage to break up with the woman he's been dating as a "beard" and to come out to his father.
He demands that his father drop the story on the water supply (testing proves that the water is completely ordinary) and stop the negative coverage of Hope House.
Mark and Tomas and Alex and Grace go out dancing at a big-city gay club, where they see Ray Ray, the son of Alex's family housekeeper, performing as a drag queen called Obsession.
Ray Ray leads Mark and Tomas to a leather bar where they catch ex-gay leader Brother Daniel in full leather gear (Mark has a photo published in the paper to discredit Brother Daniel's anti-Hope House protests).
Meanwhile, Alex and Grace go to a hotel room where they make love for the first time.
Back in Azalea Springs, Spencer's lover Bruce dies of AIDS-related complications.
At his funeral, Alex's father comforts her and her mother, while still upset over Alex's lesbianism, shows that she still loves her daughter (by insulting her shoes, something she's done repeatedly through the film).
Set in Nottinghamshire, Dek (Rhys Ifans) proposes to his girlfriend Shirley (Shirley Henderson) on TV.
When Jimmy (Robert Carlyle), "the great love of her life" and father of her daughter Marlene (Finn Atkins), sees this, he returns in an attempt to win back her heart.
However, after deserting his friends in Scotland during an unsuccessful robbery of some clowns, his friends turn against him and come to the Midlands to try to track him down.
In the end, Shirley refuses to go with Jimmy and professes her love for Dek; likewise, Marlene refuses to have anything to do with Jimmy, and accepts Dek as her father figure.
The film opens with Harmony (Basinger) driving down a long, winding road, the music of Elvis playing on the radio.
She feels that her life is empty and artificial.
She is a traveling cosmetic saleswoman, setting up "Pink Lady" training seminars in the western portion of the United States.
When she is asked if she's "one of those Mary Kaye ladies," she replies, "No, we're pink, they're more salmon".
While she is popular and successful selling "Pink Lady," there is nothing real or honest in her life.
As Harmony travels around the country, trying to figure out what is missing from her life, Elvis impersonators keep dying in her wake.
She is romantically pursued by Miles (Corbett).
"Zerophilia" is a fictional condition that affects an unknown number of people with an extra "Z" chromosome.
Following their first full sexual experience, zerophiliacs begin to change sex after experiencing an orgasm.
Luke (Taylor Handley), a young man somewhat insecure about his masculinity, begins to exhibit zerophilia following an encounter with a woman (Kelly Le Brock).
He meets Michelle (Rebecca Mozo) and experiences partial transformations when they go out together.
He confides with his best friend Keenan (Dustin Seavey) about his partial transformations, who in turn contacts dr Sydney Catchadourian (Gina Bellman).
dr Catchadourian persuades Luke to go through a full transformation.
Luke does this by masturbating, becoming female, and subsequently calling herself "Luca".
Luca has difficulty achieving an orgasm to change back, even with coaching from Keenan's girlfriend Janine (Alison Folland).
However, a visit by Michelle's attractive brother, Max (Kyle Schmid), who flirts with "Luke's cousin", enables her to get sufficiently aroused to complete the transformation back to Luke.
Luke is threatened by his sex transformation, his arousal by an attractive male, and the questions of sexual identity it raises; he seeks help from Sydney.
She tells him that a zerophiliac can become "a-morphic" and stop changing sex only by having sex with another zerophiliac.
such as herself.
He reluctantly agrees to do it, but discovers afterward that she was not telling him the full truth: an a-morphic zerophiliac can still change by having sex with another zerophiliac, and dr Catchadourian was using Luke to change herself one last time (into a man), leaving Luca as a woman in the process.
Comic tensions arise from Luke's efforts to keep Michelle at a distance, Max's defensiveness about his sister, Luca's half-hearted resistance to Max's affections, and Luke's confused aggression toward Max.
When Michelle discovers that Luke had sex with dr Catchadourian, she feels betrayed.
Hoping to find Michelle, Luca seeks out Max to profess deep affection for Michelle and remorse for betraying her.
Max is touched by the apology, and reveals that he is actually Michelle, also a zerophiliac.
They make love repeatedly, changing sex mostly in sync with each other, but occasionally finding themselves the same sex.
It ends with the happy couple apparently resolved to their 'condition' and past any questions of their gender and sexual identity.
Various events involve a dating agency run by Sid Bliss (Sid James) and his longtime girlfriend Sophie Plummett (Hattie Jacques).
Their "Wedded Bliss" agency purports to bring together lonely hearts using computer-matching technology, but couples are actually paired up by Sophie.
Bliss consistently avoids marrying Sophie, enthusiastically pursuing Esme Crowfoot (Joan Sims), a seamstress and client who consistently rejects his advances.
Percival Snooper (Kenneth Williams) becomes a client to find a wife for business reasons: as a confirmed bachelor, he is inept at his job as a marriage counsellor due to lack of personal experience.
James Bedsop (Charles Hawtrey) is a private detective Sophie hires to spy on Sid's after-hours activities when he supposedly "vets" the female clients, including Esme.
Timid Bertram Muffet (Richard O'Callaghan) winds up with model Sally Martin (Jacki Piper) after the agency muddles his directions to a blind date.
Client Terry Philpott (Terry Scott) suffers several failures in his dealings with the agency including a disastrous meeting with prim, sheltered Jenny Grubb (Imogen Hassall).
Jenny moves in with Sally, undergoes a makeover, and becomes a model.
Terry later finds romance with the "new" Jenny.
Percival's association with Sophie provokes his jealous housekeeper, dowdy Miss Dempsey (Patsy Rowlands), to reveal her seductive side.
Esme's estranged lover, volatile wrestler Gripper Burke (Bernard Bresslaw), returns to cause havoc in a mistaken-identity case.
Peter Butterworth appears in a 1-minute cameo as a Bluebeard-esque character jokingly referred to as dr Crippen.
He approaches Sid Bliss to find his third wife.
His first wife died eating poisoned mushrooms, the second suffered a fractured skull because "she wouldn't eat the mushrooms".
Al McCord is hanging out at his favourite restaurant when he meets an attractive young woman, Ellie, who is looking for a ride from the city into the Mojave Desert, where her mother Julie lives.
Al discovers romance with the free-spirited Julie despite the nearby presence of her boyfriend Boyd, who seems likely to go berserk at any moment.
Strange events follow and it's up to Al to find an explanation.
In the desert, Al's car develops a flat tire.
He opens the trunk and discovers an apparent dead body (Ellie's boyfriend Kaiser, whom Al had not yet been aware of).
Al heads to a gas station for repairs, following a near run-in with a highway patrolman, when he is interrupted by an attempted robbery.
The confusion created by the gun-happy gas station worker allows Al to escape unhurt.
Back home, Al is visited by Ellie, followed by Julie.
Unknown to him at this point, his car is being stolen.
Outside they notice Boyd and flee to a nearby motel.
Just after Al leaves to search for his car, Boyd arrives at the motel, taking the women back to Mojave and locking them in a shed.
Al and actor buddy Sal mount a rescue mission but are themselves knocked out by Boyd.
Kaiser, still alive, arrives at Mojave unseen as Boyd drives off with Al, Sal, Julie and Ellie in the car atop his truck, intending on tipping the car and passengers over the edge of a quarry.
They eventually escape uninjured while Boyd plummets to his doom, signaled by an ostentatious explosion.
Ellie returns to Los Angeles with Sal, while Al remains for the night, at least, with Julie.
The movie begins with Kevin sitting in an AA support group saying he thought his relationships with women would change after he stopped drinking.
Kevin sees a woman he wants, but loses interest in her after he gets her.
He realizes this is not a healthy relationship pattern but doesn't know how to change it.
Rebecca, a single woman new to the "small town" of San Francisco, meets Kevin, the sexy, but promiscuous bartender at her new job.
Although Kevin comes onto her immediately, Rebecca recognizes Kevin's playboy ways and rebuffs him, however, the two become good friends.
Kevin is Adam's friend who drives a cab to support himself while he pursues his passion for painting.
Adam confides in Kevin about his girlfriend, Nina.
Adam thinks she is having an affair, but he also tells Kevin that Nina's suspected infidelity only bothers him because someone else is paying attention to her.
He gives Kevin the analogy that when he was young, he had a toy car that he became tired of, but regained interest in it after his little brother started playing with it.
Kevin tells him how messed up that is, but Adam only shrugs it off.
Later, Nina comes home and tells Adam she is tired when he initiates sex.
Realizing he may be suspicious, she sleeps with Adam, even though she has just come from sleeping with her lover.
Kevin and Nina, who is a chef in a ritzy restaurant, meet in a Catholic Church where he tells her that Adam suspects she is cheating on him.
Nina is alarmed and asks Kevin if Adam knows who her lover is.
Kevin, it turns out, is the man in which she is cheating on Adam with because she was feeling neglected by Adam.
The two express guilt over deceiving Adam, but they also acknowledge they can't stay away from each other.
Nina also feels that Adam is not over his ex-girlfriend, Kate, who left him for a woman, Anne, and whom came out as a lesbian.
Adam, figuring out Kevin is the man sleeping with Nina, confronts him at the bar where Kevin and now also Rebecca work.
Kevin tells Adam he wasn't treating Nina right and tells him he knows that Adam is not truly in love with Nina.
Even though Adam knows Kevin is right, he is still angry and smashes a shot glass against the bar wall before storming out.
Rebecca, being new in town and unlucky in love, meets Anne at a coffee shop.
Even though she doesn't have a serious interest in being a lesbian, she decides to sleep with Anne to see if it excites her more than sleeping with men, which has so far, been underwhelming for Rebecca.
She tells Anne she doesn't know what the big deal about sex saying why should two people huff and puff, rubbing up against each other when she can accomplish the same thing by herself in two minutes.
She and Anne are interrupted during Rebecca's first lesbian experience by Kate who returns home early after finally coming out of the closet to her parents.
She catches Anne and Rebecca in bed together and walks out.
Rebecca, realizing she is not really a lesbian, is embarrassed and doesn't see Anne again.
Kate, who is often seen in monologue with her unseen therapist, is heartbroken after finding Anne with another woman.
Anne, it is revealed, has been looking for a reason to break it off with Kate, who is younger and more serious about the relationship.
Anne does not like the domestic routine the two have settled into and tells Kate that she has never been very good at monogamy.
After confronting Nina about her affair with Kevin, Adam and Nina break up.
Realizing Kate is no longer with Anne, Adam sees it as an opportunity to get back together with Kate, although she tells him it's not possible.
Adam meets Rebecca when he picks her up in his cab on her way to a blind date.
They recognize each other from the scene in the bar and are instantly attracted to each other.
Although she warns Adam that she is not very comfortable with her own body and doesn't feel terribly connected to it in bed, Rebecca discovers sex with Adam is better than any experience she has had before.
Kevin, after Nina and Adam break up, tells her that their relationship wasn't just sex and that he's in love with her.
Nina, knowing Kevin's past indiscretions of dumping women after he sleeps with them and loses interest, doesn't believe his love declaration and tells him she doesn't want to see him again.
Adam and Rebecca are happy until Kate calls him and tells him she wants to get back together and wants him to father a child.
He is initially angry with Kate, telling her that her timing is way off and he is now seeing someone.
He feels bad about it, but he breaks up with Rebecca and tells her he is getting back together with Kate.
Rebecca is hurt and tells Adam that she is the one that broke Kate and Anne up when Kate caught the two in bed and says she supposes that makes her and Kate even.
She also tells Adam not to call her when Kate inevitably breaks his heart again.
Kate tries to settle into the rekindled relationship with Adam, but realizing she is really a lesbian, she breaks it off again.
This time she tells her unseen, silent therapist that she has decided to stay single and try to get to know herself.
Nina turns up pregnant but doesn't know if the baby is Kevin's or Adam's because she slept with both of them the same night.
Kevin still proclaims his love for Nina, but she is still suspect of his feelings.
Adam finds out she is pregnant, but with the three of them not knowing whose child it is, everything is put on hold.
Adam finally goes to Nina's place to have it out with her over who is the father of her baby.
He finds Nina and Kevin there together who tell Adam that they have decided to get married.
Adam is angry but acquiesces seeing that Kevin really loves Nina.
Nina tells both of them she doesn't want to know who is the biological father of her child and tells Adam that she and Kevin are going to raise the child.
Rebecca, hearing everything from Kevin, and knowing that Adam won't call her, goes to see him, where the two resume their relationship.
Leighanne Littrell stars as the spunky Michelle Malloy who feels life is perfect.
But she is soon caught unprepared when she learns that her mother has grown ill.
The young lady promptly returns to Orlando to visit her sick mother.
While she is visiting, Michelle soon learns that her fiancé is not the perfect man that she believed he was.
Not only does he have a sordid past but he is also involved in some rather unethical activity.
She soon grows depressed as future plans for her living happily ever after now appear doomed.
She soon finds solace with a local pet shop owner who steals her heart with his natural charm and his lovable inventory.
Many comedic pratfalls ensue as she tries to fight her true feelings simply because her recent split with her fiancé went so badly.
Seventeen-year-old Isadore "Izzy" Daniels (Corbin Bleu) is a star boxer in Brooklyn.
His father Kenneth (David Reivers), a golden glove champion and widower, coaches him and encourages him to do his best, while his sassy eight-year-old sister, Karin, is much more interested in Double Dutch.
Mary Thomas (Keke Palmer) is a teenage girl and competitive Double Dutch player, part of a team called the Joy Jumpers, who lives next door to Izzy; the two have a complicated relationship, always arguing when they see each other, but Mary's teammates and Karin know that they have crushes on each other.
Izzy's boxing skills are great enough that he stands only one exhibition match away from going to the Golden Gloves; his opponent is Rodney, the only other undefeated boxer in the gym.
Mary and the Joy Jumpers, meanwhile, are training for the regional championship, in order to make it on to the city finals.
On the day of the regional championship, Izzy is forced to take Karin and her friends to watch it when his father has to deal with a problem at the gym.
His two best friends Chuck and Earl, fellow boxers, tag along to try to convince him to join them for the movies, as they previously planned.
On their way, they meet Rodney, Izzy's competition and the neighborhood bully, who asserts that he'll destroy Izzy in the ring.
Arriving at the site of the regional competitions, Izzy witnesses as Mary and her teammates Shauna, Keisha, and a girl named Yolanda who moved to Brooklyn from Atlanta, deal with trash talk from the Dutch Dragons, the four-time regional champions.
The competition is divided into three stages: compulsory, speed, and freestyle.
Despite his best efforts to disguise it, it becomes clear that the more Izzy watches, the more he likes.
In the end, the Joy Jumpers take fourth place, barely qualifying for the city finals, and after dealing with snark from Gina, the leader of the Dutch Dragons, Yolanda criticizes Mary for her freestyle routine, blaming their poor performance on them.
Izzy and Karin leave as the team begins to argue.
Shortly before Izzy's match with Rodney, he witnesses him receiving a bag of clothes from one of the teachers; while he was the toughest guy on the street, he was just a poor kid dealing with problems at home.
Rodney angrily throws the bag away when he catches Izzy staring.
Later, the two meet up at the gym, and Rodney maintains his merciless attitude before and during the match.
He proves to be strong, but less skilled than Izzy.
Kenneth instructs him to watch his movements and find his rhythm.
Armed with this advice, Izzy gains the advantage, and ultimately wins.
Later that night, he retrieves the clothes and drops the bag at Rodney's door, fleeing before the latter sees him, but lingering at a safe distance to watch as he takes the clothes inside.
Meanwhile, Yolanda quits the Joy Jumpers, informing Mary that she cared most about winning.
In a complex way, Izzy helps to cheer her up after seeing her crying from her balcony.
The next day, Rodney confronts Izzy at the school, saying that he won due to a trick and demanding a rematch.
Izzy declines, but Rodney refuses to drop the subject.
Elsewhere, Mary, Shauna, and Keisha debate about who can replace Yolanda, bringing up several potential candidates, all with fatal flaws.
Izzy overhears them, and Shauna and Keisha explain that Yolanda joined the Dutch Dragons, leaving them down a player.
Izzy scoffs at the alleged difficulty of jumping rope, and Mary subsequently challenges Izzy to speed jump.
She demonstrates her own skills first, and then allows Izzy to try.
He gets a false start the first time, but upon his second attempt, he demonstrates as much skill as Mary, leaving the girls (and an unseen Karin, who watches from nearby) astonished.
Later, at the gym, Izzy is jumping rope as part of his training, and confides to Felix, the gym's wise head coach, that he was still upset about Rodney's attitude, and Felix replies that boxing doesn't solve those kinds of problems.
As he leaves, the Joy Jumpers enter the gym and ask Izzy to join their team, stating that they needed his skills, but he refuses because of what his friends might think.
Later, he meets Shauna and Keisha at a restaurant when he orders a pizza for dinner, and they present him a different offer: to serve as a stand-in, so that they can practice with a fourth player until they find someone to serve as a permanent replacement.
Izzy considers the offer, and after they coerce a reluctant Mary into asking him to agree, he does so, on the condition that they practice in the gym before school, where nobody can see them.
They begin the next morning, where Izzy learns that while compulsory and speed jumping are easy for him with his training, freestyle is more problematic for him.
He develops his skills quickly, however, and the next day, demonstrates enough skill to leave the three girls astonished once more.
Over the next several days, Izzy spends more and more time with the Joy Jumpers and improves tremendously at Double Dutch, though his boxing skills and punctuality suffer as a result.
Tammy, the only girl boxer in the gym and subsequently the object of much ridicule, confides to him after beating him in a match that she knows about his practicing, and promises to keep it a secret in exchange for ceasing the jokes about her, particularly around Chuck, whom she has a crush on (which is reciprocated).
One day, on his way to practice, Izzy spies some girls in the street jumping rope, which gives him inspiration for his team.
He explains to the Joy Jumpers, particularly Mary, that the freestyle routine needed to be redone due to being too boring; he tells them that freestyle should be based on fun, and brings up their childhoods when they enjoyed jumping rope and singing along with it.
He takes them to see the girls he saw, which gives them the inspiration to change up their team.
Walking back, they pass by Rodney, who is quick to belittle Izzy and begin to get violent.
Mary dumps a cooler of water on his head, and the four run away, Rodney giving up the chase quickly but angrily.
That night, Izzy and Mary talk on their balconies, Izzy admitting that he likes Double Dutch, but having difficulty due to his father's passion for boxing.
Mary confides that she once felt the same way about ballet, but eventually confessed to her mother that she hated it, and her mother easily accepted it.
Izzy states that it's not that easy with him, and Mary gives him a quick kiss before going back to her room.
Going back to his own, Izzy meets his father, who sternly confronts him about missing his curfew and a practice match that day.
Izzy promises not to be late again, and his dad leaves, leaving Izzy alone with his thoughts.
The following day, Rodney and his crony, Hooks, gang up on Izzy at school, but are quickly called off thanks to a passing teacher, who puts them in detention.
Later on, Rodney runs by the gym, and upon hearing the music inside, enters to see Izzy and the Joy Jumpers practicing.
Gleefully pondering his revenge, he and Hooks snap pictures of them and leave, unseen.
After practice, Mary brings up that they have yet to find a fourth player, and Izzy agrees to join the team permanently, on the condition that they change the name to Hot Chili Steppers.
They happily agree, and decide to enter a Double Dutch showcase that will be happening three days later.
When Izzy tries to leave for the event that day, however, his dad intercepts him, showing that he had bought tickets for the two of them to watch a boxing match.
Izzy is left with little choice but to agree to go, leaving his team to put on a disappointing performance, and leading Mary to expel him from the team, despite his apologies.
Shauna and Keisha try their hardest to convince Mary to reconsider her decision, but Mary remains obstinate.
Her grudge is soon forgotten, however, when Rodney publishes the pictures he took of Izzy and posts them on flyers all over the school, making Izzy a laughingstock.
She tries to talk to Izzy that night, but he ignores her, forcing her to give up.
His father goes to his room the following day to leave the prize he had received when he won the Golden Gloves, and finds a pair of Rodney's flyers in the trash can.
He immediately confronts Izzy about it, and Karin, despite her brother's objections, tells their father that he had joined Mary's team.
She is ordered to her room, and Kenneth asks Izzy why he didn't tell him.
Izzy angrily admits that his father was obsessed with boxing, that it was all that they talked about since his mother died, and that he no longer liked the sport, and only did it for him.
He finishes by saying that Kenneth had no right to take his life away because he no longer had one, visibly shaking him.
Izzy apologizes, and his father quietly accepts the apology before making an excuse to leave.
Izzy takes out his anger through training at the gym, where Mary finds him and asks him to rejoin the team.
Izzy coldly refuses, stating that he needs to focus on boxing, and rejects Mary even when she begs him.
She leaves, heartbroken and disappointed, and Tammy comes over to hold the punching bag Izzy is using.
She breaks through his anger by reminding him that she, as a female, had to endure a lot of trash talk from others, but didn't let it get her down, allowing her to become the best girl boxer in Brooklyn.
Felix encourages Izzy to listen to her advice.
That night, Rodney arrives at the gym as Izzy is leaving, bringing a large crowd with him.
He demands again that Izzy gives him the rematch he had requested, and after some mocking, Izzy agrees to it.
In the ring, Izzy keeps a cool head, responding to Rodney's mockery with fact, that he was angry because his father was out of work, and everyone thought of him as a loud-mouthed bully.
He uses the tricks he honed in freestyle practice to dodge Rodney's attacks and push him against the ropes repeatedly, finally stating that they both had a lot of things to be mad about, but fighting would not improve them.
He leaves the ring, and Rodney angrily follows, but trips on the rope and falls on his back.
Everyone urges Izzy to finish him, but he refuses, stating that he's tired of being mad before leaving the gym.
Rodney looks after him, the narrator revealing that he too was tired of being mad, and was impressed that Izzy had stood up to him.
Meanwhile, Mary, Keisha and Shauna meet up for the city finals, having found an abysmal replacement for Izzy with Shauna's cousin Alberna, who is practically blind.
Izzy arrives and apologizes to Mary, who jokes around with him and smiles before handing him a uniform, and all is forgiven.
They once again face the Dutch Dragons before the match, Gina and Yolanda snarking at them, confident that they would win.
The Hot Chili Steppers ignore them and affirm their solidarity before beginning the competition, Chuck, Earl, Tammy, and even Rodney showing up to watch.
With Mary's stellar performance, the Hot Chili Steppers take first place in the compulsory competition, while the Dutch Dragons take second, much to their astonishment.
In the speed competition, Yolanda beats Izzy by just six steps, tying them for first place and leaving freestyle to determine the winner.
Other teams compete while the Hot Chili Steppers look on, and then the Dutch Dragons take their turn.
The Hot Chili Steppers take the stage immediately after them, and while doing so, Izzy sees his father and sister entering the arena, greeting him with a smile.
Thus encouraged, the Hot Chili Steppers take the stage, performing a series of freestyle jumprope tricks in conjunction with a dance number, for which they earn tumultuous applause.
Izzy meets his father afterwards while the judges decide the winners, and he apologizes for pushing boxing so hard, having done it motivated by wanting to connect with Izzy.
He accepts that boxing is his dream, not Izzy's, and says how proud he is of what he had done.
He then meets his friends, who state that they've been enlightened, and Chuck embraces Tammy while Earl feigns nausea.
Finally, seeing Rodney, he confronts him, surprised to find his hostility gone and him admitting that the Double Dutch was cool.
They agree on a truce, and Izzy agrees to teach his moves to Rodney later to use in the ring.
At last, the judges announce the winners of the State Championship, announcing the third-place winner as the Kung Fu Flyers, and the second place team as the Dutch Dragons.
As he is about to announce the first place team, however, the scene cuts to the gym, revealing that Rodney, a couple of years after the event, was telling the story to a group of kids, boxers in training.
He reveals that the Hot Chili Steppers went to the State Championship, but did not win until the following year, and that Izzy and Mary were still going strong as a couple.
His voiceover states that he tells kids that story all the time, but you would have had to be there that day.
The scene cuts back to the judge announcing the Hot Chili Steppers as the first-place winners, who ecstatically accept their first-place trophy while the Dutch Dragons look in disbelief.
The final scene in the movie shows the Hot Chili Steppers and Karin outside of Izzy's house, teaching his father how to jump Double Dutch.
In the film, Gujral stars as Shalini Singh/Shelley, an Indian woman who comes to the United States from a Himalayan village to find her fiance and crosses paths with a movie producer who tries to "Americanize" her in order to make her a star.
Christopher Pride wants to marry his girlfriend, dr Elizabeth Acord.
However, she is too involved with her patients and she doesn't think that she would be able to leave them to live in Paris for a year.
Pride decides to solve her patients' problems after finding out that most of them are merely despondent after having relationships go bad.
Therefore, he decides to "date" these women, without Acord's knowledge, and give them back their self-esteem so that they will be less dependent on their doctor.
The film comes to a climax when all the women, including the psychiatrist, assemble at a party with Pride present.
He quickly switches from one character to the next depending on which woman is present.
The principal characters are Lawrence, Ellie, Alan and Sara.
Lawrence, a teaching assistant, and Ellie have been together for about a year.
Lawrence loves Ellie, and she outwardly reciprocates while masking her doubts about their relationship.
Sara is a radio disc jockey.
She meets Alan, a former member of a band called The Bumblebees, at the radio station and invites him to her apartment.
The movie follows a man's search for perfection in a world where life rarely measures up to the idealized images that constantly bombard us.
Gary Shaller (Freeman), who gained commercial success in previous years as the keyboard player in the fictional band "On The One".
He is in a failing marriage with Dora (Gwyneth Paltrow), and working for his former band mate Paul (Simon Pegg), writing and recording commercial jingles.
Gary eventually discovers that he is having lucid dreams about a glamorous woman named Anna (Penélope Cruz), with whom he is deeply infatuated.
He aims to learn more about lucid dreaming by buying books and even attending classes taught by an eccentric lucid-dreaming enthusiast, Mel (Danny DeVito).
Gary eventually discovers that the girl he dreams about does, in fact, exist.
Paul arranges for Gary to meet her, but this proves disappointing, as she fails to live up to the expectations that Gary has built up in his dreams of her.
He eventually continues to dream about her, and even soundproofs his apartment, and makes other efforts to be able to sleep longer, so that he can remain with Anna for longer periods of time.
Eventually, feeling as though he is betraying Dora, he attempts to go back to her.
Juli Baker meets Bryce Loski two weeks before the beginning of second grade; it's something about those blue eyes that attract her.
Julianna knows it's love, while Bryce, like any seven-year-old boy, doesn't.
Julianna stalks Bryce all through his childhood; staring at his house, asking him to play, following him at school, etc.
Every day, Bryce watches Julianna climb the sycamore tree at the bus stop, from which Julianna always watches the town.
She constantly asks Bryce to come join her in the tree, as well as yelling out how far away the bus is.
Bryce, being unbelievably shy and annoyed by all the attention, asks out Juli's arch enemy, Shelly Stalls, to get rid of his admirer.
Bryce looks over his shoulder for Julianna every time he's with Shelly, which causes Julianna to think he's being forced to date her.
This provokes a catfight between Juli and Shelly over Bryce.
The two break up, and Bryce is back to square one.
There comes an incident in sixth grade when, much to Bryce's chagrin and irritation, Juli constantly sniffs Bryce's hair in spelling from her assigned position behind him.
According to Juli, his hair smells like watermelon and he has blond earlobe fuzz.
Bryce is disgruntled from this seat change, because Juli had initially sat next to him where he could see her answers and copy off of them.
Now that she's behind him, he's lost that advantage, and his grades slip, especially in spelling.
This halts, however, when as Juli sniffs him, she begins to whisper answers in his ear.
Bryce, torn between feeling grateful and awkwardly guilty for hating her so much when she's helping him, follows the answers anyway until the end of the year.
Juli, on the other hand, can't stop thinking about Bryce in the many years she's known him.
Obliviously missing his discomfort being around her, she continues to try to get him to like her.
However, Juli's motives change when her beloved sycamore tree is cut down.
Although Juli stays up in the branches for hours and misses school to protest its excision, she is brought down and isn't the same for weeks.
Unbeknownst to Juli, Bryce feels horribly about Juli's tree, considering Juli asked Bryce to come up to protest with her and he declined.
He frets over whether he could have made a difference, and contemplates many times apologizing to Juli but chickens out each time.
Matters aren't helped when Bryce's wise but stubborn grandfather takes a fond liking to Juli and pesters Bryce to be friends with her—he doesn't seem to understand Bryce's annoyance with the girl.
Juli's spirits are lightened when her father, who she admires more than anyone, paints her a picture of her sycamore tree.
Juli often sits out with her dad on the porch for hours, listening to him talk and watching him paint.
Juli hangs the picture in her room so she'll always be reminded of what the tree represented for her.
Things with Juli start to change when Juli gives Bryce and his family a batch of chicken eggs.
Bryce's father immediately expresses concern that the eggs might be fertilized, so Bryce and his best friend, Garrett, sneak over to her house and try to spy on the chickens in her backyard in search of a rooster (The chickens are a result of Juli's winning science fair project, which Bryce is a bit bitter about but means a lot to Juli) And Bryce doesn't know about the difference between chickens, hens, and roosters, so they head home without answers.
Bryce's family, however, has a new concern,salmonella.
Juli's yard has always been very messy, and the family is concerned about poison in the eggs.
Bryce's father tells him to just say no to Juli about the eggs, but Bryce ends up just throwing the eggs away before his parents come down for breakfast.
This goes on for two years, but ends when Juli catches Bryce throwing the eggs into the trash can and tells him she's lost over a hundred dollars giving him the eggs when she's been selling them to her neighbors.
She runs home, leaving Bryce feeling miserable.
Things take a dive for the worse in eighth grade when Juli overhears Bryce talking to Garrett about her mentally challenged uncle.
Bryce wants to punch him (to be exact "slug him"), but doesn't want to lose his friend, so he pretends to laugh.
Juli, furious and hurt, decides to abandon every thought of Bryce, even though Bryce's grandpa is very good friends with Juli and helps her tame her yard.
The flip comes here: the more angry Juli is and the more she ignores him, the more Bryce notices and likes Juli, especially after he finds an old article about Juli's protest for her tree from elementary school.
Bryce begins to see that Juli is smart, spirited and "iridescent", as Grandpa Chet calls her.
And for once, Bryce can't get Juli out of his head, and Juli hates Bryce the way Bryce hated her.
The climax comes at the eighth grade basket boys' luncheon, an auction in which boys are sold off to win money for charity.
Shy Bryce hates this event, but has no choice in the matter.
Bryce, being incredibly cute, gets auctioned off to Shelly and Miranda, the prettiest girls in his school, and Juli buys Jon out of pity, a boy who didn't get any offers.
While on their lunch date, Bryce finds he can't focus on Shelly and Miranda: he just wants to talk to Juli.
He gets his chance when Shelly and Miranda get into a huge food fight over him.
While they're fighting, Bryce sneaks over to Juli's table, pulls her away from her date, and asks if she likes Jon.
She answers that no, she doesn't, but is clearly still annoyed at Bryce and wants nothing to do with him.
Bryce, in his relief, takes her hands, leans in and tries to kiss her, but she yanks back and runs away.
Unfortunately for Bryce, this act is witnessed in front of his entire class, so he is dogged the rest of the day by taunts, especially by his friend Garrett.
It is implied that Bryce drops Garrett as a friend in favor of Juli by the end.
Juli manages to get home without Bryce seeing her, but Bryce is determined now.
He calls, knocks on her door, and eventually climbs her window.
Juli ignores him by sitting in the living room, until she looks out the window and sees Bryce's last attempt at winning her heart: he plants a sycamore tree in her backyard.
Juli now realizes Bryce has changed and waves back at him from her living room window.
And at that moment Juli realizes that Bryce loves her and he wants her to give him a second chance.
The plot revolves around billionaire Jean-Marc Clement (Montand) who learns that he is to be satirized in an off-Broadway revue.
After going to the theatre, he sees Amanda Dell (Monroe) rehearsing the Cole Porter song "My Heart Belongs to Daddy", and by accident the director thinks him an actor suitable to play himself in the revue.
Clement takes the part in order to see more of Amanda and plays along with the mistaken identity, going by the name Alexander Dumas.
Frankie Vaughan appears as a singer in the revue, while Milton Berle, Gene Kelly, and Bing Crosby appear in cameo roles as themselves trying to teach Clement how to deliver jokes, dance, and sing, respectively.
Tony Randall in a supporting role portrays Clement's conflicted public relations employee.
Emily "Jacks" Jackson, who spent her childhood in America, now lives and works in London, at British Vogue, and shares an apartment with her gay friend Peter Simon, a screenwriter.
Afraid to be disappointed by a serious relationship, Jacks prefers to spend her free time with her friends and sleep with her ex-boyfriend, James, whom she doesn't love.
Peter, who has never been in a relationship, spends too much time in his dreams and as a result cannot fall in love with a real person.
It gets more complicated with the entrance of Paolo, a photography assistant for one of the photographers at Vogue.
As the film develops, they come to realize their mistakes and eventually reach their happy endings.
Billy Collier (Sean Hayes) is an aspiring photographer in Los Angeles who has had little artistic success and much romantic frustration.
He comes up with the idea of recreating iconic screen kisses from Hollywood movies (such as Burt Lancaster and Deborah Kerr's in From Here to Eternity) using drag queens in the female roles.
While out for coffee with his roommate Georgiana (Meredith Scott Lynn), he meets Gabriel (Brad Rowe), the server.
That night at a party, Billy's friend Perry (Richard Ganoung) agrees to finance Billy's Screen Kiss project and Billy serendipitously runs into Gabriel.
Billy recruits him to model and the two develop a friendship (although Gabriel says that he has a girlfriend in San Francisco).
Billy quickly becomes infatuated with Gabriel, but cannot figure out if Gabriel is really straight; Gabriel does little to help, continually sending ambiguous signals.
At Perry's invitation, the two attend an exhibit by photographer Rex Webster, who tries to poach Gabriel as a model (and potential trick).
Webster offers to take Gabriel to Catalina Island for an underwear ad shoot, sparking Billy's jealousy.
Back at Gabriel's place, Billy and Gabriel seem to be getting closer but their rapport is interrupted by a phone call from Gabriel's girlfriend Natalie.
Billy shoots his first setup with Gabriel, the Lancaster-Kerr kiss.
Following the shoot, Gabriel tells Billy that his relationship with Natalie is over.
Billy mentions the Kinsey scale, on which Billy describes himself as a "perfect six," but Gabriel admits he does not know where on the scale he falls.
Back at Billy's apartment, they continue to talk and drink and Gabriel asks if he can spend the night on the couch.
Billy suggests that Gabriel sleep in his bed (ostensibly because of Gabriel's height), to which Gabriel eventually agrees.
When the two are in bed, Billy makes tentative overtures, to which Gabriel seems to respond initially; however, Gabriel suddenly pulls away, after which Billy apologizes and gets up to sleep on the couch.
Gabriel gets the underwear modeling job and goes to Catalina.
Billy follows after him to Catalina with Georgiana, who, on the rebound from her boyfriend, Andrew (Christopher Bradley), hooks up with drug-addled island resident "Gundy" (Carmine Giovinazzo).
Billy crashes Rex Webster's (Paul Bartel) underwear shoot looking for Gabriel, but does not find him.
Billy eventually tracks Gabriel down at Rex's party later that night and the two talk on the beach.
Billy relates to Gabriel how confused he was when he came out, saying, "I swore to myself that if I could ever be there for somebody, I would, so that that person wouldn't have to go through all the shit I went through.
What I'm trying to say is, if you're having problems figuring out where you stand, even if you're not sure of what you're supposed to want-" Abruptly, however, before Billy can finish, one of Gabriel's fellow male models walks up to them.
Billy instantly realizes that the two of them are in some kind of relationship with each other and Gabriel tells Billy straightforwardly, "Billy, I'm pretty sure what I'm supposed to want".
Gabriel tries to soften the blow, but Billy rebuffs him.
Billy feels hurt and humiliated and even wonders if Gabriel used him to get his modeling career off the ground.
Later, Perry tries to console Billy, telling him that a few years earlier Perry had similarly fallen for someone who did not return his affections; Perry confesses that that man was Billy.
The next morning, Georgiana has ditched Gundy.
Billy and Georgiana then head back home.
The movie ends with the opening of Billy's "Hollywood Screen Kiss" series exhibition in Los Angeles, which includes his photos of Gabriel.
The exhibit appears to be very successful and Billy receives many congratulations from various visitors.
Perry shows Billy a magazine with an underwear ad featuring Gabriel and suggests that Billy give him a call.
Billy demurs, saying he needs some time away.
Toward the end of the night, after his friends have gone, Billy meets a handsome young man named Joshua (Robbie Cain) who enthusiastically admires Billy's photographic work.
It is suggested that along with his newfound artistic success, Billy may at last find romantic fulfillment as well.
The film is punctuated with Billy's fantasy sequences of himself and Gabriel in pastiches of romantic film scenes, including the aforementioned From Here to Eternity and the films of Fred Astaire.
Billy carries a Polaroid camera with him everywhere, and his reminiscences are illustrated with Polaroid photographs.
The film in fact opens with such a monologue, with Billy relying on a series of Polaroids while relating how he grew up gay "in a small town in Indiana, where there's plenty of corn, fast cars, and straights.
Lots and lots of straights.
I mean, a lot".
Billy's opening narrative demonstrates his awareness that he is in a film and breaking the fourth wall.
Several scenes in the movie are backed up by classic songs of bygone times sung by notable and lesser known divas; these are lip-synced by more or less the same troupe of drag queens, a running gag throughout the film.
Miranda Presley is an aspiring singer/songwriter from New York City who loves country music and decides to take her chances in Nashville, Tennessee, where she hopes to become a star.
After arriving in Music City after a long bus ride, Miranda makes her way to the Bluebird Cafe, a local watering hole with a reputation as a showcase for new talent.
The bar's owner, Lucy, takes a shine to the plucky newcomer and gives her a job as a waitress.
Before long, Miranda has gotten to know a number of other Nashville transplants who are looking to land a gig or sell a song, including sweet and open-hearted Kyle Davidson, moody but talented James Wright, and spunky Linda Lue Linden.
As the four friends struggle to find their place in the competitive Nashville music scene, both Kyle and James display a romantic interest in Miranda, but she is drawn to James in spite of his moody temperament.
Miranda pursues James, and they end up getting married, but they soon realize marriage takes work.
James leaves Miranda behind to make his album, what he always wanted to do, but realizes he left his heart with her.
He comes back to the Bluebird Cafe but discovers that Miranda has left town.
Miranda returns and sings a new song, before tentatively reuniting with James.
Kyle joins them as Linda Lue leaves for New York, and the remaining three discuss writing a song together.
A womanizing American reporter assigned in Paris (Paul Newman) mistakes a cynical fashion copycat designer (Joanne Woodward) for a prostitute after she receives a makeover.
He decides to interview her for a series of articles, then falls in love with her.
The girl goes along with it, first out of revenge as he snubbed her during a past encounter, then out of feelings of her own.
After receiving a well-earned certification from a sheltered boarding school, Carla Tate (Juliette Lewis), an ambitious and mildly mentally disabled young woman, returns home to her over-protective and slightly snobby mother Elizabeth (Diane Keaton).
Elizabeth seems to act as if she is embarrassed about her youngest daughter's disability.
During family discussions, Elizabeth adopts an uneasy attitude.
Carla's father Radley (Tom Skerritt) is a dentist and recovering alcoholic.
Carla's ambition is to seek more independence from her family by earning a diploma from a trade school.
When Carla meets another mentally disabled student, Daniel McMann (Giovanni Ribisi), they become friends and soon fall in love.
Envying Danny's freedom, Carla convinces her parents she is capable of living on her own and moves into her own apartment.
After a time, Carla and Danny become sexually active together.
Danny's independence is financially compromised when his wealthy and emotionally detached father abruptly stops sending subsistence money.
Danny begins to realize that the independence he enjoyed comes with a staggering cost.
Danny gets drunk, then seeks solace and insight (and a joyride in a vintage Ford Mustang convertible) from his landlord and friend, Ernie (Hector Elizondo).
During a Christmas party at the country club, nervous about his personal lot, Daniel drinks too much to build up his courage to declare his love for Carla, also telling everyone about their first time making love.
A humiliated Carla bursts into tears, screaming at everyone to stop laughing at her.
Although Daniel did not intend to embarrass Carla, she nonetheless refuses to see him.
Over time, Carla realizes she still loves Danny and wants to see him again despite her mother's advising her otherwise.
At her older sister Caroline's (Poppy Montgomery) wedding, Danny surprises Carla by showing up at the church and asking Carla to marry him, in a scene mimicking The Graduate, the couple's favorite film.
Everyone supports their wishes except Elizabeth, who is unsure Danny can take care of himself, let alone Carla, who becomes angry, telling her mother she is sick of her dominance and doubt and is also sick of her treating her like an embarrassment.
Radley and her sisters Heather (Sarah Paulson) and Caroline support her decision, and the wedding is planned.
At first, Elizabeth is determined not to attend; but Radley admonishes her, saying he will walk Carla down the aisle, and finally she relents.
Outside the church, Danny surprises Carla with a marching band playing a song from The Music Man.
and they are chauffeured away to their honeymoon in Ernie's prized Mustang.
The story is set in Stonefield, a writer's retreat run by Beth and Nicholas Hardiman, where the novelist Nicholas Hardiman stays to find inspiration for his latest novel.
Tamara Drewe, a young gossip columnist has returned to her family home nearby.
Her sexy looks have every man in the vicinity fall for her good looks.
When she has a relationship with rockstar Ben Sergeant she unknowingly infatuates two teenage girlfriends, Casey and Jody, who start to intermingle with her affairs.
The film follows Jack Martin as he is offered a large amount of money to impersonate his look alike, Henri Duran.
Finding North tells the story of Rhonda (Makkena), a bank teller who's depressed upon turning 30, and Travis (Hickey), a gay man who's recently lost his lover to AIDS and grown suicidal.
Travis receives an audio tape recorded by his lover, Bobby, before his death which sends him on a scavenger hunt of sorts to Bobby's home town in Texas.
Through a series of mishaps, Rhonda ends up accompanying him on his journey.
Together they follow Bobby's instructions as best they can, collecting items that represent Bobby's past, despite the many changes to the town in the years since Bobby left.
Ultimately they end up at the grave site Bobby's parents had prepared for him decades earlier.
They bury the collected items at Bobby's instruction and together start to try "finding north" (an expression of Bobby's; "when things hit rock bottom, sure as hell can't get any further south, might as well start finding north").
Gray Baldwin (Heather Graham), a family oriented and quiet bachelorette, lives a close-knit life with her brother, Sam (Tom Cavanagh).
Their lifestyle is generally co-dependent, involving them living together, going to dance classes together, etc.
Gray and Sam's relationship has never been thought of as strange, but once a dinner party guest mistakes the siblings as a couple, Gray and Sam decide to venture outside of one another.
While discussing with each other what they can do about their single lifestyles, and how they can "hook each other up" with a significant other, their conversation continues to the park, where Gray spots a possible girlfriend for Sam, Charlie Kelsey (Bridget Moynahan).
Gray introduces herself, then Charlie to Sam, and they instantly bond, agreeing to see each other again.
To Gray's surprise, Charlie and Sam become engaged the morning after their meeting.
Charlie and Sam are so madly in love with one another, they plan to go to Las Vegas the following morning and elope there, and invite Gray along.
Gray is a little hesitant, but agrees when Charlie says they can have a "mini bachelorette party".
Gray agrees and the three make their way to Vegas.
While in Vegas, Gray takes Charlie out for a hen night, and after many drinks, the two share a drunken but passionate kiss.
The next morning, Charlie doesn't remember anything, but Gray hasn't slept the whole night, due to the bond she felt with Charlie.
The situation makes Gray finally realize that not only is she attracted to women, but is falling in love with her sister-in-law.
The events in Vegas force a journey of self-discovery, testing the relationship between two very close siblings, and to finding happiness in lonely Manhattan.
When Gray eventually 'comes out' to Sam, he tells her he's known all along, since they were young kids.
Later, Sam accidentally discloses Gray's orientation to her entire office, which, along with Sam's encouragement, gives her impetus to move on to further self-actualizing.
Sir Philip Ashlow (Granger), his neglected wife, Lady Susan Ashlow (Gardner) and his best friend Henry Brittingham-Brett (Niven) are shipwrecked on a desert island.
Susan feels neglected and has been trying to make Philip jealous by demonstrating a romantic interest in Henry, who begins taking her seriously.
Now that they are alone on the island, Philip constructs a large hut for his wife and himself and a little hut for Henry, but before long Henry is suggesting they share not only food and water but Susan as well.
Opposed to this, Susan nevertheless is offended by Philip's indifferent reaction to Henry's indecent proposal.
The quarrel escalates until Philip declares that, as captain of their ship, he feels entitled not only to perform marriages but to grant divorces.
He awaits Susan's decision on whether the men should change huts or share and share alike.
This potential ménage à trois where the two men are competing for the lady's attention is interrupted by a fourth visitor.
The stranger is dressed in native garb and takes Susan captive, but is soon revealed to be Mario, the chef from their yacht, indulging a whim.
The laughter from inside the hut between Susan and Mario is misinterpreted by Henry and her husband as being romantic in nature, arousing jealousy from both men.
After their rescue and return to society, Henry comes to visit Susan to propose they be together.
But when he finds her and Philip in domestic repose, and Susan knitting baby booties, he knows the battle for her love is lost.
Bert Harris works for a hotel as a bellboy.
One day he meets Anne Roberts, who signs up as a chambermaid.
He takes a fancy to her and lets her in on his racket, conning people out of money.
A Russian inventor by the name Ivan Kouznetsoff travels to England to introduce the British shipping industry to his newly invented and improved propeller blade.
When he is in England Kouznetsoff meets the socialite woman Anne Tisdall, and falls head over heels for her.
Meeting Anne and hearing her views turn his own previous views and conceptions about the capitalist system and its degenerates up side down.
After a lovers' quarrel, Ivan heads back to Russian only to be recalled to England a year later to smooth out imperfections in his design.
Despite his efforts, his modifications prove to be unsound and he seems destined to return to the Soviet Union in disgrace.
The subject of affection, Anne, convinces the local shipbuilders to work around the clock in order to realize the revolutionary propeller.
Soon they solve the problem, and there is a very successful launch of the new line of propelled ships.
Ivan can return to the Soviet Union to aid the war effort, enriched by Anne's love.
Alby Sherman is a Jewish man whose father died when he was young.
He and his mother run a candy store in Brooklyn, but Alby dreams of opening his own restaurant in Manhattan, a project which will be very expensive.
Finding the perfect location, a restaurant whose owner is moving to another location, he asks his wealthy Uncle Benjamin to lend him the money.
His uncle imposes an odious requirement of him: Alby will receive the investment money he needs but only if he leaves his blond "shikse" Catholic girlfriend and gets married to a "nice Jewish girl".
Richard Cooper (Chris Rock) is a happily married and professionally successful man.
He is perfectly content with his home life in suburban New York with his lovely wife Brenda (Gina Torres), a teacher, and his two young children.
There is one problem in his marriage: their sex life has stagnated, leaving Richard frustrated and sex-starved.
At one point, Brenda accuses Richard of being on the down-low.
During those dull days at the office, he occasionally fantasizes about other women, but never acts upon his impulses.
An encounter with an attractive old friend, Nikki (Kerry Washington), suddenly casts doubt over his typically resilient self-control.
At first she claims to just want to be his friend, but she begins to show up consistently at his Manhattan financial office just to talk or have lunch, which causes his boss, secretaries, and peers to view him with varying degrees of contempt.
When Nikki begins to deliberately seduce Richard, he does not know what to do.
Against his better judgment, he flies with her out of town for one day on an errand, where he is beaten by her boyfriend.
Then he returns too late to make a sales presentation at an important business meeting, causing the loss of a lucrative contract.
Later, when she and her fiancé are about to move to Los Angeles, Nikki asks Richard to come to her apartment later to say a "proper goodbye".
When he gets to Nikki's apartment, he finds her in her underwear in her bathroom.
In the moments before it seems Richard will consummate his attraction to Nikki, he realizes how grave the loss of his wife and children would be, so he walks out on Nikki.
Richard returns home, surprising his wife, and, for the first time in the film, they begin to rebuild a genuine rapport, with a possible promise of good things to come.
For Ellen Grant (Ball), the worst student at the Woodruff Secretarial School, it comes as a great surprise when Dick Richmond (Holden) hires her to work at his realty company.
Actually, it is her apparent empty-headedness that has won her the job.
The real estate firm, and now Ellen, are merely fronts for a bookmaking operation run from the back of the office, where Dick and his associates, Gleason (James Gleason) and Kilcoyne (Frank McHugh), take bets on races.
Ellen is distressed when she watches as her uncle, Judge Ben Grant (George Cleveland), is forced to rule in favor of landlord Roscoe Johnson (an uncredited Will Wright) in eviction proceedings against several of her friends.
There is an acute shortage of low-cost housing, exacerbated by Johnson's plans to tear down what he has and rebuild more expensive units.
To avoid raising Ellen's suspicions, Dick mentions that he cannot purchase some land offered because $60,000 is too high a price, but that he would for $55,000.
Ellen goes to the vendors without authorization and negotiates the price down to $50,000.
When she returns to the office with the news, accompanied by the seller and Ellen's boyfriend, Assistant District Attorney Ralph Winton (Stephen Dunne), Dick has to play along.
Little does she know her plans to construct affordable housing are driving Dick's organization into financial trouble.
He cannot fire her without questions being asked, so he tries being aggressively romantic with her.
This backfires, however: both he and Ellen find themselves enjoying embracing and kissing.
Young widow mrs Peggy Donato (Janis Carter) comes to see her old flame, Dick, to try to get him to run her much larger bookmaking operation (inherited from her late husband).
She and Ellen soon detest each other.
Dick's trouble really begins when Ellen unwittingly takes a bet from mrs Donato on a fixed race, putting Dick in debt to her for $50,000.
mrs Donato, who would rather have Dick than the winnings, tells him that if he does not go away with her or pay her, her gang will deal with him.
To raise the money, Dick lets Ellen take charge of the housing development, having Kilcoyne embezzle enough funds from down payments on the new homes.
When the funds run out before the homes are built, she accepts full responsibility, believing that her own incompetence was to blame.
Seeing the girl he has come to love suffer, Dick decides to go away with mrs Donato and pay the people back.
Ellen discovers the truth behind the missing money and the betting racket, but forgives Dick and cooks up a scheme to force mrs Donato to leave Dick alone, pretending to be the brains behind the bookmaking operation, backed by her own "gang".
Peggy's men, however, are too tough.
Just in time, Gleason and Kilcoyne show up with the $50,000, won by a bet placed with mrs Donato's own organization.
Dick and Ellen embrace.
Norbit Albert Rice (Eddie Murphy) and Kate Thomas (Thandie Newton) are best friends as children at a combination Chinese restaurant and orphanage owned by their father figure, mr Wong (Murphy), but are separated when Kate gets adopted.
While being bullied by twins on a playground one day, Norbit is saved by a tough, overweight girl named Rasputia Latimore (Murphy) who scares him into being her boyfriend.
Though at first she genuinely likes Norbit and cares about him, going as far as intimidating other kids into letting Norbit play with them – Rasputia's kindness deteriorates as she grows up to be an ignorant, arrogant, vindictive, and mean-spirited woman.
She eventually pressures Norbit into marrying her, and bullies, insults, and controls him to make sure that she keeps him all to herself.
Norbit is also belittled by Rasputia's older brothers, Big Black Jack (Terry Crews), Blue (Lester 'Rasta' Speight), and Earl (Clifton Powell), working as a bookkeeper at their local construction company.
The Latimore brothers also run a "security business" and instill fear in everyone in the town except mr Wong, who doesn't put up with their antics and refuses to sell his establishment to them.
When Norbit realizes that Rasputia is cheating on him with her dance instructor Buster Perkin (Marlon Wayans), she carelessly brushes it off like nothing happened.
Norbit vents out his anger over Rasputia's infidelity at a puppet show for the children at the orphanage.
Unexpectedly, during the show, Norbit sees Kate for the first time since childhood.
Stunned by her return, his affection for her reignites while he learns that she is buying mr Wong's orphanage, but he is disappointed to find out that she is now engaged to Deion Hughes (Cuba Gooding, Jr).
With help from his two ex-pimp friends Pope Sweet Jesus (Eddie Griffin) and Lord Have Mercy (Katt Williams) and the other townspeople, Norbit manages to meet with Kate without Rasputia's knowledge.
Revealed to be a crooked businessman and gold digger, Deion helps the Latimore brothers in their plan to turn the restaurant/orphanage into a strip club to get a cut in the profit.
The Latimore brothers dupe Norbit into getting Kate to sign papers to renew the restaurant's liquor license and put it in the Latimores' name.
Norbit's meeting with Kate leads to him helping her rehearse her wedding, where a kiss between the two of them causes her to reconsider the marriage.
When Norbit returns home, he learns that Rasputia somehow witnessed the whole thing and she threatens to kill Kate if she ever sees Norbit with her again.
Kate confronts Norbit after finding out about the deal and sees him in the window of the basement, where he has been locked away by a vengeful Rasputia.
Norbit reluctantly insults Kate, deliberately driving her away so that Rasputia won't follow through with her previous threat to kill Kate.
Rasputia adds that Norbit played Kate and has been setting her up since the first day she came back to town.
Fed up with the stress he is under, Norbit decides to leave town for good, but first tries to warn Kate about Deion, but she ignores him.
After that, the Latimores have him locked in the basement again and Blue is chosen to stay and keep him from escaping.
After the other Latimores leave to go to the wedding, Norbit escapes from the basement and past Blue's guard and races to the church on his bike.
Though the Latimores attempt to stop him, Norbit reaches the church and informs Kate of Deion's gold digging schemes.
Unfortunately, his proof of Deion's divorce settlements were destroyed in the process, due to his falling in a pond while escaping the Latimores.
However, Deion's ex-wives and children show up in person, as Norbit had arranged to provide further proof of Deion's wrongdoings.
Confronted by them, Deion declares defeat and runs off, effectively ending the marriage.
Furious that their plans are ruined, the Latimore brothers attempt to kill Norbit before finding the townspeople rallying up against them.
Rasputia fights her way through the crowd and almost kills Norbit, but she runs off after being harpooned in the buttocks by mr Wong.
Her brothers are then chased out of town.
After Kate avows her love for Norbit with a passionate kiss, the two reconcile and Norbit divorces Rasputia using her affair with Buster as well as her attempted murder of him as grounds for it.
Kate and Norbit buy the orphanage and get married under the same tree where they once played as children.
Rasputia and her brothers move to Mexico and open up El Nipplopolis, where Rasputia becomes their most popular and lucrative stripper.
Spoiled socialite Doris Worthington (Lombard) is sailing the Pacific with her friend Edith (Merman) and her Uncle Hubert (Errol), while being courted by Prince Michael (Milland) and Prince Alexander (Henry).
She is bored, however, and finds entertainment in verbal sparring with one of the sailors, Stephen Jones (Crosby).
During one of their battles, Doris slaps Stephen, who retaliates by kissing her and gets fired.
In a drunken accident, Uncle Hubert runs the yacht onto a reef in the fog.
Stephen rescues the unconscious Doris as the others flee the capsized ship, and everyone makes it to the tropical island although the princes claim credit for Doris’s rescue.
Unfortunately, the only person with any survival skills is Stephen, and the socialites are quick to demand that he gather food and build shelter.
Stephen attempts to divide up the work but the haughty passengers snub his leadership so he fends for himself.
The smells from Stephen’s dinner of mussels and coconuts soon entice the hungry passengers to gather their own food; all except Doris, who tricks Stephen to get his food and gets slapped in turn.
The group is forced to cooperate, although Doris remains indignant and infuriated.
Doris discovers that there are other people on the island when she falls prey to a lion trap in the jungle: zany Gracie (Allen) and scientific husband George (Burns) live on the other side of the not-so-deserted isle.
She refuses their offer to stay in favor of getting even with Stephen.
Doris arranges for some tools and clothes to float past Stephen, who is elated at his "discovery" and quickly builds a house.
The couple admit their love that evening but feel mismatched.
Two rescue boats arrive.
In the hubbub, Stephen finds out that the clothes and tools came from Doris and is angry at being the butt of the joke.
Stephen takes a different boat than Doris.
As Doris watches the princes resume their womanizing ways on board ship, she realizes she misses Stephen.
She changes ships to join him, for better or for worse.
The film recounts the misadventures of a beautiful and temperamental Neapolitan village girl Isabella (Sophia Loren) and an ill-tempered Spanish prince, Rodrigo (Omar Sharif).
The prince was a risk taker, avoiding his parents' wishes for him to marry.
One day while riding a horse in the countryside, he becomes distracted by a noise and sees someone flying across the sky.
This person predicts his future and gives him a donkey to take him in the right direction if he pats its back and feeds him flour.
On the way back, he meets Isabella.
He is very much attracted to her, but she rejects him.
The King of Spain orders Rodrigo to choose a wife among seven Italian Princesses within seven days, and for that he arranges a gathering, despite his attraction to Isabella.
She joins the cooking team for the seven-day function, while the Prince searches for her in the countryside.
With the help of witches and saints, Isabella finally conquers the heart of her Prince and marries him.
The story revolves around University of Melbourne film studies students and roommates Mia (Frances O'Connor) and Alice (Alice Garner), each of whom is experiencing various upheavals.
Mia and Alice have just moved into a trendy apartment but are in desperate need of a housemate.
Mia's girlfriend Danni (Radha Mitchell) is keen to move in, but Mia fears commitment.
Obsessed with her favourite lecturer, Mia becomes embroiled in a war of paperwork with the University administration as she attempts to pursue him to his new department.
She is hampered in her efforts to transfer by her current supervisor Professor Leach (Kym Gyngell).
To add to her woes she then breaks up with her girlfriend, Danni.
Danni pursues another love interest, in part to get back at Mia.
Alice, a habitual perfectionist, is four years late with her thesis on 'Doris Day as Feminist Warrior'.
She is looking for the perfect man but can't find anyone who fits her strict criteria.
Frustrated, she falls for the most unsuitable male possible.
Ari (Matthew Dyktynski), a classics student and part-time gigolo.
However she is the object of desire of shy medical student, Michael (Matt Day).
As the day ends and the party begins events begin to unscramble in unexpected ways.
Omnia Vincit Amor.
Love Conquers All.
American millionaire Samuel Adams brings his daughter Dorothy to England to see a specialist about her heart trouble.
So that she will not be hounded by the press and fortune hunters, Dorothy makes herself up to look extremely plain.
Impoverished Lord Paul Menford spies her without the hideous disguise and falls in love with her immediately.
When he is mistaken for his uncle, the heart specialist Adams seeks, he goes along in order to meet her.
Meanwhile, his agent sells the Menford family estate to Adams.
When Menford finally admits the ruse, Dorothy sends him away.
Later that night, he gets drunk and goes home, only he has forgotten that he no longer lives at the Menford estate.
He crawls into his old room, only to find Dorothy there.
Frightened, she makes him leave and barricades the door for good measure.
However, he just reenters the room through another door.
When she faints, he picks her up and carries her into another bedroom.
The butler, his old former servant, sees him do this.
The next morning, Dorothy comes down for breakfast, and is annoyed to find the butler has put out two table settings.
When one of Paul's friends shows up unexpectedly and finds them dining together, Paul introduces Dorothy as his wife to avoid a scandal.
The butler overhears, and soon the joyous "news" has spread to the village.
Dorothy's father arrives.
When the villagers gather outside to loudly wish the newlyweds well, mr Adams believes that his daughter has married as well.
Paul eventually tries to clear things up, but Adams thinks he is just joking.
Adams is finally convinced when he finds Paul preparing to sleep in a different bedroom from his "wife".
Having gotten over her initial dislike for Paul, she agrees to his suggestion that they get married for real.
However, when she overhears Joe Diamond congratulating Paul for landing a wealthy heiress and demanding 10% as promised, the wedding is off.
Paul sadly leaves.
Dorothy's father sees that she is heartbroken without Paul.
Paul returns, having received a letter from her, apologizing for her behaviour and asking him to come see her before he leaves for Paris.
She is puzzled (but secretly overjoyed), as she did not write it.
While Paul packs some of his belongings, she goes to consult her father, who confesses that he is responsible.
She begs him to do something to keep Paul from leaving.
He has Paul's car sent away and creates a fake rainstorm using a hose.
Paul is taken in at first, but then sees that it is only raining on one side of the house.
Realizing Dorothy still loves him, Paul kisses her.
The film begins with Martha Alston (DeGeneres) in a wedding gown incarcerated in a Mexican prison.
The investigators call her mrs Crawford and listen to her explain why she committed murder on her wedding day.
Some months earlier, at her younger sister's wedding, Martha is pestered by her family about when she'll get married.
At work, she rejects a date with a younger coworker, Walter (John Livingston).
Disappointed by her dull Valentine's Day blind date, she goes home to sulk in front of the TV, where, inundated by romantic imagery, she is prompted to get out of the house.
Martha goes to a bar where she drops her quarter in front of the jukebox.
She bends down to get it when a man shows up and selects the same song she would have chosen.
He is Whitman Crawford (Pullman), and they instantly hit it off.
They go back to his house and have sex.
He says he's a poet and an investor.
He reads her one of his poems.
Martha introduces Whitman to her family and he impresses them.
But by the time she meets his mother (Plowright), Martha has become convinced he is not "Mr.
Right" at all.
Whitman at this point is revealed to be a crafty, devious, narcissistic, sociopath who hides behind a charming nice-guy persona that fools everyone he comes into contact with.
To make matters worse, Whitman's ex-girlfriend, Inga (Joan Cusack) (who is nearly as crazy and sociopathic as Whitman), and her accomplice, Bob (Brad William Henke), begin harassing Martha who decides to break up with Whitman.
Inga refuses to believe that Martha has dumped Whitman.
Whitman also refuses to believe he has been dumped and he begins stalking Martha and trying to woo her back in increasingly ridiculous ways.
Martha soon becomes frustrated and desperate after the manipulative Whitman tells her whole smitten and obilivious family that they are engaged to be married.
He even buys off her private investigator (Dean Stockwell) that she hires to make a background check on him.
All of Martha's attempts to expose Whitman as the sociopath that he is to her friends and family is met with disbelief and skeptisim from everyone due to his skill of lying and manipulation.
Whitman goes as far as to abduct Martha to Mexico to marry her there.
At the church where Whitman is forcing Martha to get married, Walter shows up to rescue Martha from the wedding, but trips.
His gun falls into her hand and she shoots Whitman.
Then she's arrested, which leads to Martha telling the local authorities her story.
However, even the Mexican investigators are unsympathetic and conclude that she murdered him intentionally.
As they are transporting her away, Walter springs her out of jail and explains that it was Inga who did it.
Walter claims that Whitman is still alive and he will recover from his wound.
In the final scene, Walter and Martha meet up in the desert where they ride a horse west towards the sunset to begin a new life for themselves away from everyone they know.
Title cards over this closing scene explain that Martha and Walter eventually turned north and returned to the USA and are now living under assumed names, Inga and Bob got married and opened a pet store in Albuquerque, and Whitman continues his search for love.
Wealthy American businessman Robert Talbot (Rock Hudson) owns a villa on the Ligurian coast, where he and his Roman mistress Lisa Fellini (Gina Lollobrigida) spend September of each year.
When Robert moves up his annual visit to July and calls her en route from Milano, she cancels her wedding to Englishman Spencer (Ronald Howard) and rushes to meet him.
Upon his arrival at the villa, Robert discovers that, in his absence, his major domo, Maurice Clavell (Walter Slezak), has turned the villa into a hotel, currently hosting a group of teenage girls, including Sandy (Sandra Dee), and their chaperone, Margaret Allison (Brenda De Banzie).
Their departure is delayed when Margaret slips on the cork of a champagne bottle opened by Robert and is forced to spend a day in the hospital.
Four teenage boys who irritated Robert on the drive to his villa, including Tony (Bobby Darin), set up camp right outside of the villa and begin courting the girls.
Robert chaperones the girls on a sightseeing tour and to a music club.
He dances with each of the girls and appeals to their virtues, stressing the importance of chastity.
Trying to get Robert inebriated, the boys end up drunk themselves.
Sandy revives Tony, but slaps him when he makes a pass at her.
She then recounts the lecture received earlier to Lisa, who gets infuriated over Robert's double standards.
The next morning, she leaves to get back together with Spencer.
A sobered-up Tony apologizes to Robert.
Accompanied by Maurice, Robert chases after Lisa, but she refuses to take him back.
Maurice decides to play matchmaker, telling the police that his employer is a notorious criminal wanted in Rome.
He also tells them that Lisa is his accomplice.
His plan fails though.
When it is all straightened out, Lisa returns to her apartment, where she finds Sandy.
Hearing the teen's lament about lost love, she has an epiphany and leaves to take Robert back.
On her way out, she meets Tony, whom she directs to her apartment, where he and Sandy reunite.
At the train station, Lisa borrows a toddler to convince the conductor that the father is abandoning them.
Taken off the train, Robert reconciles with her.
As a married couple, they return to the villa, which Maurice has turned into a hotel again, which is now occupied by a group of nuns.
New England librarian Prudence Bell (Suzanne Pleshette) recommended a book, Lovers Must Learn, to one of her students.
After defending herself and the book, she resigns telling the school board she's going to Rome where she will encounter people who really know the meaning of love.
Sailing from New York she picks the wrong man as a protective consort, providing two potential romantic interests.
Albert Stillwell, a student of Etruscan history is a perfect gentlemen, while Roberto Orlandi (Rossano Brazzi) is the perfect mature Roman lover.
In Rome, Prudence checks into her boarding house and meets a self-centered American architect, Don Porter (Troy Donahue) whose former lover is the manipulative Lyda Kent (Angie Dickinson).
Prudence lands a job at The American Book Shop near one of Rome's famous fountains,working for Constance Ford and her sheepdog.
Don is a confidant of Roberto and discusses his troubled relationship with Lyda, an artist staying in Italy with financial support from her wealthy father.
Before Lyda leaves, Don confronts her on a train, but she is unmovable, finally saying she may return to Italy later.
Coincidentally, Lyda leaves for Switzerland just hours after Prudence arrives at the villa (boarding house) in Rome where she and Porter reside.
While in Switzerland, Lyda meets a wealthy older man in exile there.
mr Barkely asked Lyda to accompany him on his yacht to "paint his portrait".
Lyda soon loses interest in this romance and returned to Italy, followed by a spy on Barkley's payroll.
Meanwhile, Prudence runs into Don at an outdoor cafe near the American Bookshop.
Prudence cheers Don up with her fresh perspective on the beauty of the Roman square, and they go sightseeing around Rome in horse-drawn carriages and his Vespa scooter.
While at lunch late in the afternoon overlooking Rome, Don buys a candelabra from a peddler, a symbol of Don's integrity because the candelabra appears to be pure gold.
At dinner, Emilio Pericoli sings "Al Di Là" (a song that reached number 6 after the movie's release in 1962).
They find themselves holding hands and cuddling during the performance, then meet a musician (played by trumpeter Al Hirt) who Don knows, who invites them to a jazz joint for a late evening performance, at the end of which Al Hirt and a patron get into a fistfight over a beautiful woman.
Don and Prudence leave in a horse-drawn carriage and kiss in the darkness, arriving home at 3 AM.
The bookstore closes for summer holidays, and Don and Prudence leave on a bus tour, where Prudence grows closer to Don as she understands his passion to become an architect.
They continue on by themselves to Lago Maggiore for a tour of the garden spots of northern Italy, the Italian Alps with "Al Di Là" playing over the chairlift speakers, and Verona with its Romeo and Juliet balcony.
At the market place, Prudence coincidentally runs into Albert and his mother, and is concerned that this woman will report to her mother back in theS.
that she is no longer on the bus tour, but on a romantic trip with Don.
Prudence quickly excuses herself, telling Albert and his mother that she must leave, and fleeing with Don out of the market then and on a night train to Rome.
Back in Rome, Lyda has got into more trouble and has an urgent need to see Don.
She kisses Don in front of the window while the private eye watches.
Although Don knows he has to break off his relationship with her, Lyda meets Prudence in Don's room back at the boarding house and Lyda invites Prudence and Albert to dinner at her studio.
Not hearing from Don for three days, Prudence decides to move on, and become a sophisticated woman during the remaining time in Italy.
She decides to have a sexual relationship with Roberto Orlandi, the Italian man who had pursued her at the beginning of her stay in Italy.
She packs an overnight bag, ready to "practice" love with him.
When Prudence comes downstairs to be a student of Roberto's seduction "lessons", Roberto plays along, then stops the action, confessing that Don had stayed with him for the previous three days to think things through.
Don had decided that he loved Prudence, but then he received an urgent telegram to rescue Lyda.
Don is summoned to a fancy hotel where Lyda confesses she has married a possessive rich older man, Bentley, and needs Don to free her from her palatial prison.
Don realizes that Lyda is just using him, that she does not love him or even care about him.
Don heads back to Rome.
Convinced that Don wants to be with Lyda, Prudence plans to return to the States, with a chaotic good-bye in the train station from all the friends she has made in Rome.
On the train, Albert asks Prudence to marry him and confesses that he had fallen in love with her since the first day they met, but she evades him while the other passengers board the train.
Sailing back to New York City, Prudence sees her parents from the ship's rail and begins to disembark.
Then she sees a candelabra and roses weaving their way through the crowd, behind her parents, and it is Don.
They embrace as Don tells her of his love and asks her to marry him.
Twice divorced Jackie Millet tries one more time with number three.
Unfortunately, her wedding is suddenly halted when the woman's son kills the groom during the ceremony, and then shoots himself.
Elizabeth Lane (Barbara Stanwyck) is a single food writer living in New York whose articles about her fictitious Connecticut farm, husband and baby are admired by housewives across the country.
Her publisher, Alexander Yardley (Sydney Greenstreet), is unaware of the charade and insists that Elizabeth host a Christmas dinner for returning war hero Jefferson Jones (Dennis Morgan), who read all of her recipes while in the hospital, and is so fond of her that his nurse wrote a letter to the publisher.
Facing a career-ending scandal, not only for herself, but also for her editor, Dudley Beecham (Robert Shayne), Lane is forced to comply.
In desperation, Elizabeth agrees to marry her friend John Sloan (Reginald Gardiner), who has a farm in Connecticut, even though she does not love him.
She also enlists the help of another friend, chef Felix Bassenak (SZ.
Sakall), who has been providing her with the recipes for her articles.
At Sloan's picturesque Connecticut farm on Christmas Eve, Elizabeth meets Nora (Una O'Connor), the housemaid, as well as a neighbor's baby whom they pretend is their baby.
Elizabeth and John plan to be married immediately by Judge Crothers (Dick Elliott), but the ceremony is interrupted when Jefferson arrives and it is love at first sight.
Jefferson, in contrast to Elizabeth, is trained through the children of his sister to cope with babies, so they—it's more him—give the baby a bath; after dinner they spend time together in the barn.
They are falling in love, but Jefferson restrains himself because he believes that Elizabeth is married with a child.
The judge returns on Christmas morning, but the ceremony is postponed a second time when a different neighbor's baby is presented instead of the one from the day before.
The household is alarmed when Felix claims that the baby has swallowed his watch.
After the judge leaves, Felix admits to Elizabeth that he had lied about the watch to stop the wedding.
While the household attends a local dance, the baby's real mother arrives to pick up her baby.
Yardley witnesses her leaving with the child, and assumes someone is kidnapping the baby.
He calls the police and the newspapers.
Elizabeth and Jefferson spend the night in jail, mistakenly charged with stealing a neighbor's horse and sleigh, and return to the farm early the next morning.
Yardley chastises Elizabeth for being out all night and accuses her of neglecting her child.
Elizabeth finally confesses all.
Furious, mr Yardley fires her.
Jefferson's fiancée, Mary Lee, arrives unexpectedly.
Dejected, Elizabeth retires to pack her things and leave the farm.
Felix learns that Mary Lee has already married someone else and must break the engagement.
He entices Yardley into the kitchen with the smell of cooking kidneys.
He fabricates a story about a competing magazine's attempts to hire Elizabeth, and Yardley decides to hire her back at double her salary.
Felix tells Jefferson that he is free to pursue Elizabeth.
Elizabeth's packing is interrupted, first by Yardley and then by Jefferson.
After teasing her that he is a cad who woos married women, Jefferson reveals the truth.
The couple kiss and plan to marry.
The novel opens with Jenny Bunn's arrival at her lodging-house.
She's a young, strikingly beautiful, Northern girl who has moved to a small town outside London, to take her first teaching job.
Jenny has rented a room in the home of middle-aged couple, Dick and Martha Thompson.
Dick is apparently some sort of auctioneer and Martha is a housewife, who is bored, cynical and at times openly hostile towards young Jenny.
Anna, the Thompsons' other lodger, is a changeable young woman who is apparently French.
Within half an hour of her arrival, Jenny meets Patrick Standish, an acquaintance of the Thompsons, who wastes no time in asking if he can ring her to arrange a date.
Patrick takes Jenny to what seems to her to be a fashionable, upmarket Italian restaurant but which Amis makes clear is a classless provincial pseudo-Italianate place.
Bowled over by Patrick's charm, Jenny accompanies him in his noisy sports car to the flat he shares with teaching colleague, Graham, who is by Patrick's arrangement, not at home.
A cosy session of listening to gramophone records and kissing (enough for Jenny on a first date) develops at Patrick's behest into heavy petting, which Patrick takes for granted will lead to the bedroom.
Jenny is adamant and is forced to pull his hair to make him stop.
Jenny explains, to Patrick's wonderment, that she intends to remain a virgin until she is married.
The rest of the novel relates, from Jenny's point of view, the progress of her relationship with Patrick, her activities as a new teacher, getting to know the people around her and a string of incidents such as a visit to Julian's house, a date with Graham and an embarrassing scene in which Dick makes a clumsy pass at her in the kitchen.
From Patrick's point of view, are described his activities at school, his outlook on life and the escapades that follow becoming acquainted with the urbane Julian Ormerod, who has a big house in the countryside near the town.
A lengthy section of the book is assigned to a trip with Julian to London, which includes a trawl around the strip-clubs of Soho, a visit to the apartment of two of Julian's lady friends, followed by a night on the town for the four of them, in which Patrick has altogether too much to drink.
For a time, Jenny and Patrick enjoy a carefree period of 'going steady' but this is not enough for Patrick, who finds himself sexually frustrated.
In the end he gives Jenny an ultimatum: either she goes to bed with him or the relationship is over.
Patrick, after ensuring the absence of Graham, waits for her to come to his flat but she doesn't come.
Patrick's morals are spotlighted at this point by his going to bed with a girl who, after Jenny's no-show, happens to knock on his door, a girl who is not only still a schoolgirl but is also his headmaster's daughter.
It would now appear that Patrick and Jenny have broken up but at a boozy and somewhat riotous party at Julian's house, Patrick takes advantage, in the early hours, of a tired and sozzled Jenny in one of the guest bedrooms.
Julian is disapproving of Patrick's behaviour and is sympathetic to Jenny, who is at first very upset and says she never wants to see Patrick again.
Later in the day, presumably because of her deep feelings for him, Jenny changes her mind and accepts what has happened as inevitable.
There is no obvious 'happy ever after'.
Three ex-GIs, Ted Riley (Kelly), Doug Hallerton (Dailey) and Angie Valentine (Kidd) have served in World War II together and become best friends.
At the beginning of the film, set in October 1945, they dance through the street celebrating their upcoming release from the service ("The Binge") and meet at their favorite New York bar.
They vow eternal friendship, and before going their separate ways, promise to reunite exactly ten years later at the same spot.
In the years after the war, the three men have taken entirely different paths ("10-Year Montage").
Riley, who had wanted to become an idealistic lawyer, has become a fight promoter and gambler, associating with shady underworld characters.
Hallerton, who had planned to become a painter, has gone into a high-stress job in advertising, and his marriage is crumbling.
Valentine, who had planned to become a gourmet chef, is now running a hamburger stand in Schenectady, New York that he calls "The Cordon Bleu", and has a wife and children.
The three men keep their promise to meet at the bar ten years later, and quickly realize that they now have nothing in common and dislike each other.
Hallerton and Riley view Valentine as a "hick", while Riley and Valentine think Hallerton is a "snob", and Hallerton and Valentine think Riley is a "punk".
Sitting together in an expensive restaurant as Hallerton's guest, munching celery, they silently express their regrets in "I Shouldn't Have Come", sung to the tune of "The Blue Danube".
At the restaurant, they encounter some people from Hallerton's advertising agency, including Jackie Leighton (Charisse), an attractive and brainy advertising person.
Jackie gets the idea of reuniting the three men later that evening on a TV show hosted by Madeline Bradville (Gray).
She and Riley gradually become involved, though at first Jackie seems motivated by wanting to get Riley on her show.
She joins Riley at Stillman's gym, where Jackie demonstrates a deep knowledge of boxing while cavorting with beefy boxers ("Baby You Knock Me Out").
Riley gets into trouble with gangsters because he refuses to fix a fight.
As he seeks to evade gangsters from a roller skating ring, he skates out on the streets of Manhattan, where he realizes that Jackie's affection for him has built up his self-esteem, and he dances exuberantly on roller skates ("I Like Myself").
Hallerton, meanwhile, has misgivings about the corporate life ("Situation-Wise").
The three men are reluctantly coaxed into the TV reunion, with the gangsters tracking Riley to the studio.
They jointly fight and defeat the gangsters, which brings them back together.
At the end they are friends again, but go their separate ways without making plans for another reunion ("The Time for Parting").
Eileen Tyler (Fonda), a 22-year-old Albany Times Union music critic, is suffering from her breakup with Russ (Robert Culp) from a rich Albany family.
She comes to New York City to visit her brother Adam (Robertson), who is an airline pilot.
Eileen confides to her brother that she thinks she may be the only 22-year-old virgin left in the world.
Adam assures her that sex is not what all men look for and insists he hasn't slept around.
Of course, Adam is lying and is in hot pursuit of a tryst with his occasional girlfriend Mona.
However, Adam's date with Mona has a series of job related interruptions.
Meanwhile, Eileen decides to see if she can have some fun for herself in New York, and seems to find the perfect candidate in Mike (Taylor), a man she meets on the bus.
But things get complicated when Russ pops in with a proposal and a mistaken assumption.
John Cleves (Jason Robards) is a businessman with an office in New York and a home in New Jersey.
On one day of each week, Wednesday, he spends the night in the city, lying to wife Dorothy (Rosemary Murphy) that he is out of town on business when he actually is seeing Ellen, his mistress (Jane Fonda).
A business client from Akron, Ohio, Cass Henderson (Dean Jones), comes to town and is unable to find a hotel room for the night.
Cleves' new secretary knows of an "executive suite" the boss maintains in town, so Cass is sent there for the night.
When he meets Ellen, he mistakenly assumes she is a certain kind of lady hired by Cleves to entertain him.
The secretary compounds the error by telling Dorothy about the apartment.
Dorothy goes there and discovers Ellen and Cass, assuming them to be a young couple.
The women take a liking to each other so Dorothy invites them to spend an evening out on the town with her and John.
Dorothy eventually catches on to what her husband is up to and leaves him.
Ellen invites her to use the apartment.
John goes there and tries to win his wife's love back, but she just tells her husband to come visit her on any Wednesday.
Gary Starke (Garcia) is a New York City ticket scalper who, in the old traditional style of scalping "works the street", known as "the walk", as opposed to the plethora of modern-day ticket brokers who ply the Internet for sales.
Yet when his girlfriend Linda (MacDowell) gets enough of his lifestyle and leaves him, he decides to mend his ways and make one last big score, something that will help him win Linda back and straighten out his life.
He finds his chance in an epiphanic moment; an opportunity to scalp a large stack of tickets to see the hottest show in town --- the Pope at Yankee Stadium.
A mother tells her daughter a real life fairy tale of a "Princess Charming" and her Sleeping Beauty.
Heather (Lassez) is in love with her girlfriend Cindy (Mitchell) until one day Cindy "wakes up" and breaks up with Heather, saying she wants a "real prince".
Heather works as a make up artist at Rolling Headstones Funeral Home in Los Angeles, "making dead rock-stars look good" for their next album covers.
One day she is working on the body of musician Sno Blo (Rose McGowan).
Her co-worker Vince (Vince Vieluf) brings his new girlfriend to the funeral home.
It is Cindy, who is moving back to Los Angeles and wants to be friends with Heather.
Before Sno Blo is buried, the members of her band have a photo shoot with her at her grave side.
Heather does the makeup.
The photographer's assistant Clea (Clea DuVall) flirts with Heather and gives her her telephone number, but Heather can only think about Cindy.
Cindy arrives with Vince and tries to persuade the remaining members of the band to let her be their manager.
When Vince ruins the opportunity for her, she gets angry with him and tells Heather she'll be staying with her.
When Heather gets home, she finds Cindy sleeping in her bed.
She kisses Cindy to wake her up, and asks for some kind of a response.
Cindy tells Heather that she can kiss her if she wants to, but not to expect anything back from her.
Heather tells Cindy to get out of her bed and telephones Clea.
Later, Heather practices her makeup techniques on Clea and they kiss.
At the end, the narrator (Heather) is joined by Clea to finish telling the story to their daughter.
In his New York City apartment, a young boy named Josh Morrison (Austyn Lind Myers) stares through his telescope at an object falling from the sky.
It is a golf-ball-sized metal ball which flies through the window and lands in his fishbowl, quickly draining the water along with the goldfish.
He decides to show it at his school's science class presentation.
Some months later a massive fireball crashes into the water near Liberty Island.
It is revealed to be a spaceship which resembles a human (Eddie Murphy), controlled by 100 tiny humanoid aliens.
Its Captain (also played by Murphy) pilots the spaceship from the command deck located in its head, with the help of his second-in-command Number 2 (Ed Helms), and researcher Number 3 (Gabrielle Union).
The spaceship looks very human, but the aliens don't know how to act in society and the ship displays numerous superpowers.
A superstitious cop named Dooley (Scott Caan) desperately searches for the alien.
The aliens need to save their planet, Nil, from an energy crisis.
They need salt, which they plan to take by draining the Earth's oceans using the metal ball, so they have to recover it.
After the spaceship is hit by Josh's single mother Gina Morrison (Elizabeth Banks) and her car, the Captain decides to befriend Gina and Josh, telling them his name is Dave Ming Cheng, based on a quick scan of common Earth names, and Gina's comment that he looks more like a Dave than a Ming Cheng.
They then see their missing ball in a photograph taken at the science presentation.
After having breakfast with Gina, "Dave" goes to Josh's school where he pretends to be a substitute teacher and eventually is able to talk to Josh alone.
Josh tells him that the ball was taken from him by a bully (Nicholas Berman).
With Josh's help, Dave takes the metal ball back from the bully.
The Captain (via Dave) spends some time with Josh and Gina and realizes that humans are more advanced than they thought, having feelings and love, such as witnessing Gina's painting or a homeless man offering to share his blanket with Dave when he sleeps in a doorway.
He decides to cancel the plan to drain the oceans because it would destroy life on Earth.
The police track Dave down using the impression of his face found in the dirt at the crash site and they arrest him.
After spending too much time on Earth, most of the crew begins to exhibit new "feelings", adopting Earth's culture, mannerisms and general laid-back attitude.
Number 2 decides that the captain and the rest of the crew's changing behavior is unacceptable so he takes command and imprisons the Captain.
Under Number 2's command, Dave breaks out of the police station and they try to arrest him again.
Number 3, who has become infatuated with the Captain, becomes jealous of Gina.
She first cooperates in the command change but later agrees with the Captain's view on humans.
Both are caught by Number 2, and they are expelled from the spaceship.
In the meantime, Number 17 (Kevin Hart), a young, fun-loving alien jumps out while drunk from the alcohol Dave has imbibed.
The Captain apologizes to Number 3 for ignoring her.
He admits that he too loves her and wants to be with her.
Back at the police station, Dooley discovers Number 17 in his coffee and interrogates him to find out where Dave is going.
Number 2 takes Dave to the harbor, where he tries to throw the metal orb into the ocean, but is stopped by the Captain and Number 3, who managed to gain reentry back onto the ship.
They convince the rest of the crew that the real Captain is in charge again.
Reinstated, he orders Number 2 to be stuck in the ship's "butt" forever.
The metal orb meanwhile slips out of Dave's hand and rolls into the ocean.
The Captain attempts to retrieve the orb but is told that they only have enough power to either retrieve it or return home.
The Captain decides to save the Earth and the rest of the crew agrees.
The ball, thrown in the ocean by Number 2, is retrieved.
Dave powers down while Dooley and his partner catch up and point their guns at him.
With no power, Dave's shields are disabled, leaving the crew defenseless.
Josh tries to tell the police officers that Dave is harmless but is ignored.
He then grabs Dooley's taser which he uses on Dave, recharging him.
The captain and Number 3 reveal themselves to the police officers who stand down.
The Captain says goodbye to Josh and Gina saying he now understands love.
Number 17 is then returned to Dave by Dooley.
About to fly away, a team from the FBI arrives and throws a net over Dave.
While the FBI agents wrestle the body down, "Dave's" crew evacuates to one of the ship's "lifeboat" shoes, activate the engines, detaches the shoe and heads home to Nil, leaving behind both the ship and Number 2.
While in the lifeboat, The captain asks for Number 3's hand in marriage.
She accepts and they kiss.
Carnegie Mellon English Professor Lawrence Wetherhold (Dennis Quaid) is a widowed parent of his alienated college son, James (Ashton Holmes), overachieving high school daughter, Vanessa (Ellen Page), and sibling to his adopted ne'er-do-well brother, Chuck (Thomas Haden Church) that he cannot evade enough.
The professor is bitter, arrogant, self-absorbed and uninterested in his students; this does not help him when he parks illegally on campus, his car is impounded and does not pay his fine before getting to the college impound lot watched by a flunked former student.
Lawrence suffers a trauma-induced seizure after falling from the top of a fence in an attempt to retrieve his briefcase from inside his impounded car.
In the emergency room, he is treated by dr Janet Hartigan (Parker), a former student he does not remember.
Lawrence has to figure out a way to get about without being able to operate his car; Chuck is without a place to sleep and a job so Vanessa sets things up for what he characterizes as a "win/win" situation.
Lawrence goes to the hospital for a follow-up, where another doctor tells him Janet had been his student.
He meets Janet again outside the hospital as he is leaving and, since Chuck has failed to show up, she offers to take him home.
When they arrive, he asks Janet to join him for a "face-to-face conversation".
She agrees, fulfilling her old student crush on the professor.
Vanessa is not pleased, confronting Janet about Lawrence's fragility.
At dinner, Lawrence monopolizes the conversation and Janet walks out.
Lawrence fakes a visit to the emergency room to see Janet again and the two reconcile for a second date.
They get back to Janet's place where they have sex, but while spending the night, Janet is turned off by Lawrence's neediness and worries that he is, in fact, still too distraught by his wife's death.
To get rid of him, she feigns being called in by the hospital and does not return any of his subsequent calls.
On another night, in the midst of a contentious family Christmas dinner at the Wetherholds', Janet arrives unannounced with a cake.
After Chuck gets Vanessa drunk to celebrate her early acceptance into Stanford University, she makes a pass at him, which he rejects.
He then moves in part-time with Lawrence's son, James (Ashton Holmes), in his college dormitory.
James' girlfriend, Missy (Camille Mana), who is one of his father's students, tells Lawrence that James has had a poem accepted by The New Yorker.
In contrast, Lawrence's latest academic tome has been universally rejected.
After Vanessa suggests a new title, You Can't Read.
, the book is sold to Penguin Group, a large non-academic publisher in New York.
To Lawrence's dismay, however, the book is largely re-worked and edited by the publisher and only vaguely resembles his original work.
Janet accompanies Lawrence on a trip to New York to meet with the publisher, where she learns she is pregnant with his child.
Finding him preoccupied by his book's publishing and an ongoing campaign to become chairman of the English Department, Janet is again upset by Lawrence's self-absorption and breaks up with him without telling him the news.
Back in Pittsburgh, Lawrence is confronted by both James and Chuck, who both point to his apparent lack of interest in his children's lives.
Encouraged by Chuck, Lawrence goes to the hospital to reconcile with Janet, who reveals her pregnancy.
He has meanwhile dropped his bid to become department head and has become a more involved parent and professor.
During the end credits, Lawrence and Janet cradle twin babies: one boy and one girl.
Gwyn Marcus (Sarah Jessica Parker) has always wanted a marriage like her parents.
She has just accepted the proposal of her boyfriend Matt (Gil Bellows), but she has some misgivings about their future together.
Her fear of commitment grows as she learns of the various affairs that her family is having.
At first, her sister Leslie (Carla Gugino) gets married.
Then, six months later, she starts an affair with her old high-school boyfriend, due her husband's cheapness, despite making a big salary, and constant busy schedule with his football career.
Her brother Jordan (Kevin Pollak), already married, starts an affair with his business partner's wife, due to the missing passion between him and his wife, after giving birth to their first child, her mother (Mia Farrow) is growing concerned about Gwyn's being the last single person in the family, despite being the one also in an affair with her mother's and Gwyn's grandmother's nurse, Antonio, due the constant arguments between her and her father, including the fact that he also had an affair with an insane real estate agent.
But the more she thinks about marriage, the more she must search for the balance between career, marriage, and family.
Woody Deane (Kevin Zegers) and Nell Bedworth (Samaire Armstrong) are neighbors and former childhood friends who go to the same high school, but are otherwise completely different.
Woody is a popular varsity football player while Nell is a girl who loves literature but lacks social skills.
They loathe each other and are constantly in dispute.
One day their class goes on a school trip to a museum and they are forced to work together on an assignment.
They quickly begin arguing in front of a statue of the ancient Aztec god Tezcatlipoca.
As they argue, the statue casts a spell upon them — causing them to wake up in each other's bodies the next morning.
When they arrive at school, they immediately blame each other for the body swap, but agree to pretend to be the other person until they can find a way to switch back.
At first, they seem to succeed, but quickly return to arguing when they each feel the other is misrepresenting them in the opposite body, such as Woody (in Nell's body) answering a question oddly and surprising a teacher.
The following day, Nell (in Woody's body) arrives at school wearing "Chinos and an Oxford cotton button-down" making Woody's appearance look "dorky" which frustrates Woody, and he is even more frustrated after he hears about how Nell (in Woody's body) failed Woody's football practice the previous day.
As payback, Woody (in Nell's body) dresses in inappropriate and provocative clothing the following day.
After school, Nell (in Woody's body), in retaliation, breaks up with Breanna (Brooke D'Orsay), Woody's girlfriend, much to the disappointment of Woody.
The humiliation competition continues when Woody (in Nell's body) drives off with a biker boy, Nicky (Brandon Carrera), and makes Nell (in Woody's body) think she is going to lose her virginity.
However, Woody decides it is "so gay" and leaves Nicky just as he is removing his clothing.
The following day, rumors are being spread around school by Nicky about his night with Nell.
When Nell (in Woody's body) finds out, she gets very upset.
When Woody (in Nell's body) finds Nell (in Woody's body), he admits that he didn't actually lose Nell's virginity and that everyone was simply spreading Nicky's lies.
However, Nell is still let down and so Woody (in Nell's body) decides to confront Nicky.
It turns out that Woody (in Nell's body) can't fight him, and Nell (in Woody's body) runs up and punches him in the face.
After this, Nell and Woody reach a truce and realize the statue of Tezcatlipoca at the museum had something to do with their body swap.
They head down to the museum and even after confronting the statue, they fail to return to their original bodies.
They realize they are going to have to help each other in two important upcoming events.
Nell must learn how to play football for Woody's Homecoming game and Woody must learn about poetry and literature for Nell's Yale interview.
Later that night Nell (in Woody's body) is getting drunk at a party while Woody (in Nell's body) is stuck at a slumber party listening to all the gossip about Woody, and surrounded by nailpolish, pajamas and slippers and gets a bikini wax.
After spending so much time together, Nell and Woody become very fond of each other and start to understand each other better.
The night before the interview and the game, they agree to go to the Homecoming Dance together, as "not a date".
The day of the interview and match, Woody goes to Yale for the interview and at first messes things up and is asked to leave, but he starts to talk about poetry in rap, which impresses and astonishes the interviewer.
After that, he goes to the football game and watches Nell run in the winning touchdown in the closing seconds.
A college recruiter witnesses his good performance and wants to talk to him later.
After the game, they congratulate each other for their successes.
Shortly after this, the spell lifts and they return to their original bodies.
The scene finishes with Woody being kissed by Breanna and Nell going home very upset about it.
The following day, Woody tries to talk to Nell, but is stopped by her mother, who sees Woody's family as uneducated.
Nell receives a letter from Yale informing her that she has been accepted, meaning that her interview (done by Woody in her body) was successful; however, she is still upset with Woody and has decided not to go to the Homecoming Dance.
Meanwhile, Nell's father has a talk with her on the porch about Woody, during which she confesses she truly likes him, and her father surprises her with a dress and shoes for the dance.
Woody and Breanna are selected as the Home Coming King and Queen.
As the Home Coming King and Queen prepare to dance, an upset Woody sees Nell and both confesses their love for each.
They leave the school together and share a kiss in front of their houses.
The following day, Nell tells her mother that she is taking a year's sabbatical before attending Yale, and hops into Woody's car as they drive off together.
Egomaniacal and temperamental Victor Fabian is the London Festival Orchestra's conductor.
His wife Dolly is a harpist who acts on her husband's behalf, presenting his impossible demands to the symphony's backers, only to then find him dallying with a considerably younger musician.
Dolly decides to leave him, whereupon he destroys her harp.
Victor's conducting suffers in Dolly's absence and the orchestra needs her back.
His agent, Max Archer, tries to get him a new contract, but young Wilbur, son of the orchestra's patron saint, insists to Victor's horror that any agreement must include a performance of his mother's favorite piece of music, John Philip Sousa's Stars and Stripes Forever.
Rather than return, Dolly wants a divorce so she can marry dr Richard Hilliard, a physicist.
An angry Victor blurts out that to be divorced, two people must first be married.
It turns out colleagues only assumed Victor and Dolly were husband and wife, and they never actually tied the knot.
Victor won't grant a quick marriage and equally quick divorce unless she agrees to live with him for three more weeks.
He wears down her resolve, and Hilliard catches her in a frilly nightgown.
A frustrated Dolly tells both she just wants to live alone.
She applauds from the audience as Victor, with great reluctance, launches the orchestra into a rousing Stars and Stripes Forever.
In May 1959, in the town of Cape Anne, Maine, a foul-up by the Eastern & Portland Railroad (E&P) results in the death of 300 lobsters shipped by Jane Osgood (Doris Day), an attractive, widowed businesswoman with two children.
She gets her lawyer and friend, George Denham (Jack Lemmon), to go after the E&P to pay damages after her customer, the Marshalltown Country Club, refuses all future orders.
In the E&P office in New York City, railroad executive Harry Foster Malone (Ernie Kovacs) learns about the Osgood lawsuit.
Due to the budget cuts Malone had instated, there had been no station agent at Marshalltown to receive Jane's lobsters.
Malone sends employees Crawford Sloan (Walter Greaza) and Wilbur Peterson (Philip Coolidge) to Cape Anne to deal with the situation.
The two attorneys offer Jane $700 in compensation, but Jane turns it down because the loss to her business reputation is more than that.
Jane wins in court, but E&P appeals the case to the state Supreme Court in Augusta, Maine.
George files a writ of execution to force payment and take possession of the train, Old 97, in lieu of payment.
Jane is interviewed by local newspaper reporter Matilda Runyon, who then calls the Daily Mirror in New York.
Top reporter Larry Hall (Steve Forrest) is sent to Cape Anne for the story.
Television stations also want to interview Jane.
Malone retaliates by charging Jane rent for the siding on which the train is sitting.
In a charming scene, Jane and George are shown singing an original song, "Be Prepared", to a pack of local cub scouts at a forested picnic.
Jane travels to New York to appear on ABC, NBC, and CBS, including the show I've Got a Secret.
Fearful of bad publicity, Malone finally gives in and cancels the rent, but gives Jane the train.
Meanwhile, George becomes increasingly jealous when he learns that Larry in New York is attracted to Jane and has proposed marriage to her.
Jane receives telegrams of support from the American public, and the Marshalltown club, which had earlier reneged, now promises to continue business with her.
Back in Cape Anne, during a packed town meeting, Jane learns that Malone has ordered all his trains to bypass the town and has also given Jane 48 hours to remove Old 97 from the track.
With service ended, local merchants will find it difficult to get their merchandise.
Jane runs away and George, in an impassioned speech, scolds the townspeople for turning against her.
Realizing that Old 97 is just the way to deliver the lobsters, Jane and George persuade everybody to fill up the train's tender with coal from their homes.
George recruits his uncle Otis, a retired E&P engineer, to engineer the train.
Old 97 sets off with Jane, her children, and George (who shovels coal to the engine), to deliver lobsters on board to customers in several distant towns.
Malone does everything possible to delay them, even as several of his office staff resign, seeing him as a villain.
Jane becomes upset at the roundabout route Malone is forcing them to take.
Eventually, the coal runs out, stopping Old 97 and blocking traffic.
Just then, Malone arrives by helicopter, after hearing that the train is stalled.
Jane scolds him for his underhanded actions.
Malone finally agrees to Jane's demands.
Jane and George tell him to come along so he cannot cause any more trouble.
He finally shows his good side by helping shovel coal.
Larry and a photographer are in Marshall Town when the train arrives.
George kisses Jane in front of Larry, and she agrees to marry George and remain in Cape Anne.
After the wedding, as George is being sworn in as the new first selectman, a badly needed fire engine pulls into town, a present from Malone.
Dennis Doyle (Simon Pegg) is about to marry Libby (Thandie Newton), his pregnant fiancée.
However, he gets cold feet and runs away on the day of the wedding.
Five years later, Dennis discovers that Libby, who has their son, Jake, has started seeing successful but arrogant Whit (Hank Azaria) and realizes that he has truly lost her.
He finds out that Whit is running the Nike River Marathon in London, and to prove himself to his uncertain friends and, most importantly, Libby and his son, he decides to run the race himself.
He receives motivation from his two "coaches", Gordon (Dylan Moran), a well-meaning slacker who is Libby's cousin and Dennis' best friend, who has made a hefty bet on Dennis succeeding, and mr Ghosh Dastidar (Harish Patel) his landlord, who uses unorthodox methods of training, such as using a spatula to spank him.
Days before the race, Whit proposes to Libby at her birthday party.
Libby accepts and this puts Dennis in a state of deep depression.
As a result, he decides to quit the race.
Meanwhile, Jake, who has formed a crush on a girl in his class, runs away upset when he discovers that she prefers another boy just because he has a ponytail.
Dennis, upon being informed by a frantic Libby, tracks him down and explains to him that he will find many things he does not like in his life and he should just stand up to them and face them, rather than running away.
Having made that mistake himself, he decides to race after all.
Dennis starts the race alongside Whit, who informs Dennis that he intends to move Libby and Jake to Chicago, Illinois.
Enraged, Dennis mocks Whit and they altercate for a while at the start of the race and, in their efforts to out-do each other, they catch up to and then overtake the professional runners, and suddenly Whit trips Dennis and severely injures him.
Stretchers prepare to take Dennis to the hospital.
Whit continues, but is taken to the hospital after feeling pain in his leg.
Libby goes to the hospital to find Dennis, but only finds Whit, who claims loudly that his injuries are the result of Dennis deliberately tripping him.
The doctor tells him he is not actually injured and has only "hit the wall".
Jake is playing with Whit's hospital bed, and to Libby's disgust, Whit calls him a "little shit".
Dennis has in fact refused to be transported to the hospital or even get medical attention and is continuing the race well into the afternoon and evening with a sprained ankle, accompanied by a growing group of supporters, including Gordon and mr Ghosh Dastidar.
A panting Dennis almost "hits the wall" but after an emotional epiphany, his goal to complete the race is restored.
Later at Whit's house, Libby, Jake and Whit, watch a television replay of the Whit/Dennis altercation, as the replay shows that in fact Whit had deliberately tripped Dennis and had fallen over because Dennis pulled him down as he was falling.
As Whit tries to justify his behaviour, he blurts out his intentions to have Libby and Jake move to Chicago with him.
A fed up Libby puts the engagement ring on a table, telling Whit "nobody's perfect" and storms out with Jake.
The two go to meet Dennis as he arrives at the finish line.
Dennis falls over just metres from the finish line and cannot get up until he sees Libby and Jake calling to him at which point he gets up, sprints to the finish and collapses in their arms.
Some time later, notably healthier and fully recovered from his injuries, Dennis calls at Libby's house to pick up Jake.
He says that he has something to ask her, but is interrupted by Jake, and says he'll talk to her later.
However, just after she shuts the door, he knocks again and asks her on a date.
She accepts.
In the film's postscript, Gordon &mdash; on the bridge of a new yacht &mdash; tells the tale of the race to two attractive bikini-clad women, whom he invites aboard for a drink.
The camera then pans to reveal to the audience that he's as usual naked below the waist.
Paul Manning discovers one day that his dear friend and neighbor Ed Stander has been cheating on his wife.
Curious, he asks Ed about it and is given the history and tactics of men who have successfully committed adultery.
With each new story, Paul can't help but notice the attractive blonde, Irma Johnson, who lives nearby.
Paul gets close to cheating on his wife Ruth, but he never quite goes through with it.
In a scene near the end when he is in a motel room with another woman, Jocelyn, a wealthy divorcee, Paul hears sirens approaching.
He looks out the window to see the police, and they are going to the room next door where his friend Ed is in bed with mrs Johnson.
Paul takes this opportunity to flee the scene and run home to his beloved wife.
Cuba Gooding, Jr.
plays a man who finds out the true nature of love one Valentine's Day when he wants to propose to his girlfriend.
A thief, Reese Halperin, and his accomplice, computer expert Norman Barrie, devise a scheme to break into a Vancouver bank.
While carrying out the bank's blueprints, Reese is inadvertently photographed by Stacey Bishop, who is taking pictures for the bank's advertising campaign.
Reese and Stacey meet, and, complicating the burglary somewhat, fall in love.
Sally Warren runs a horse farm, but husband Jeff has a dislike and fear of horses.
He is a Civil War historian and lecturer, which bores Sally but is very popular with local ladies who call themselves the Mason-Dixon Dames.
As a Christmas gift, Jeff tries to please his wife by buying her a horse called Albert, but her horse trainer Lance Gale, an old beau, insults Jeff about the kind of horse he picked.
Sally in turn buys Jeff a desk that belonged to Jefferson Davis, but the Dames claim it's a fake and one of them, Mary Lou Medford, makes a pass at Jeff.
The next time Sally catches the same woman kissing Jeff, she sues him for divorce.
Jeff ends up hiring Mary Lou as his secretary.
To spite his wife, Jeff also enters Albert in the big Virginia Cup steeplechase race that Sally's always longed to win.
Albert's jockey is thrown, so Jeff reluctantly leaps into the saddle.
He is thrown off repeatedly while trying in vain to catch Lance's horse in the race.
But his effort impresses Sally, who reconciles with Jeff at the finish.
At a restaurant in New York City, Andy prepares to introduce his friends to his fiancée, Liz.
As the couple waits for the rest of the party to arrive, Andy tells Liz the story of how his friends Mickey and Ellen came to fall in love.
As each of Andy's friends arrive, more of the story is unfolded.
Mickey Gordon is a National Basketball Association referee who honors his recently-deceased father's wishes by burying him at the resting site of his World War II Army platoon in France, of which he was the sole survivor, but the plans are delayed after the airline misplaces the casket.
Ellen Andrews, an airline employee from Wichita working in Paris, assists Mickey in locating and retrieving the casket.
She surprises Mickey by attending the burial so he won't be alone.
Mickey rides back to Paris with Ellen, and the two get to know each other along the way.
Mickey decides to delay his return trip to the United States to spend time with Ellen.
The two fall in love, but Mickey is forced to return for the beginning of the NBA season.
Mickey's loneliness leads him to lose his temper during a nationally-televised game.
Mickey is suspended by the NBA for a week.
During the suspension, he returns to Paris to see Ellen.
Mickey learns Ellen is married but separated, and is unsure if she and her husband will get back together.
While Mickey is in Charlotte to referee a game, Ellen arrives to meet him and reveals that she has gotten a divorce.
Having quit her job in France, Ellen marries Mickey.
After a honeymoon period spent on the road during the NBA season, the couple settles in the San Fernando Valley outside Mickey's hometown of Los Angeles.
When the next basketball season begins, Ellen takes an entry-level customer service job with American Airlines, while Mickey travels with the NBA.
Hating her new job and only seeing Mickey a few days each month, Ellen becomes lonely and depressed.
She asks Mickey to quit his job; he compromises by taking a one-year leave of absence and briefly working as a car salesman.
Ellen gets promoted and climbs the corporate ladder, leaving Mickey at home to tend to her father, Arthur.
Mickey, unhappy at home with Arthur, decides to return early to the NBA.
He comes home from a road trip to find Ellen gone.
Before he can read her note, she arrives and explains that she had simply returned to Kansas to deliver Arthur to her siblings so she and Mickey can be alone and repair their marriage.
Ellen approaches Mickey and says she has been offered a transfer to Dallas.
Mickey refuses to move away from California, so Ellen takes the airline's other offer of a transfer to Paris.
Now separated, the two are seemingly content in their original arrangements: Mickey traveling with the NBA, and Ellen working for an airline in Paris.
It is obvious to all of their friends that they miss each other's company.
At the restaurant, Andy's friends have caught Liz up to date, with the latest development coming four months prior.
A basketball fan enters the restaurant and informs the group of an odd occurrence during the traditional singing of "The Star-Spangled Banner" prior to that night's New York Knicks game at Madison Square Garden.
Mickey decides to go AWOL from his job and immediately return to Paris to find Ellen.
Before he can make it across the basketball court, he spots Ellen in the arena.
The two meet and reconcile at mid-court, and as the arena lights come on after the anthem, the entire crowd sees the two kissing.
Mickey and Ellen arrive at the restaurant together and re-tell Liz the story of their relationship.
On the closing night of a Broadway play, leading actress Frances Elliott (Ann Sothern) hosts a party attended by many guests, including her eccentric father Gregory (Louis Calhern), who is also an actor; her seventeen-year-old daughter, Nancy Barklay (Jane Powell), an aspiring actress; and Brazilian playwright Ricardo Domingos, who is considering starring Frances in his next play.
Frances eagerly pursues the part in Ricardo's play, and though she is virtually assured of the role, Ricardo asks her not publicize the news until a final decision is made.
Later, Ricardo privately tells Frances' producer that Frances may not be right for the part and that he had a younger actress in mind.
Then, when Ricardo meets Nancy, he instantly knows that he has found the perfect young woman for the role.
The next day, Frances sets sail for Rio de Janeiro, where she intends to vacation and devote herself to studying her lines.
Gregory accompanies Frances to Rio, while Nancy, who is about to star in a small stock company play, goes to Connecticut.
After observing Nancy's acting abilities, Ricardo offers her the part that he promised Frances.
Nancy accepts the role, though she is unaware that Ricardo has already promised it to her mother.
Seeking the quiet she needs to study for the part, Nancy follows her mother and grandfather to Rio.
On board the ship, businessman Paul Berten overhears Nancy rehearsing her lines and mistakenly concludes that she is a deserted wife and an expectant mother.
Paul takes pity on Nancy and enlists the help of his business partner, Marina Rodrigues (Carmen Miranda), to counsel the young girl.
Nancy does not know that Paul is trying to help her and mistakes his paternal concern for a marriage proposal.
She rejects Paul's apparent proposal, and bids him farewell when the ship reaches Rio.
Soon after she is reunited with her mother, Nancy overhears her rehearsing her lines and immediately realizes that they are studying for the same part.
The revelation devastates Nancy and prompts her to bow out of the play.
She does not tell her mother that she was set to star in Ricardo's play, and instead informs her that she came to Rio to get married.
Confusion abounds when Nancy later visits Paul at his office and tries to accept the marriage proposal she thought he had made.
Paul is perplexed by her behavior, and still thinks that Nancy is pregnant and troubled.
He sends her home to talk to her mother about her situation, but Nancy misunderstands him and thinks that he meant for her to discuss their impending marriage with her mother.
Marina follows Nancy to her mother's house, and privately tells Frances about Nancy's supposed pregnancy.
The confusion is heightened when Frances misunderstands her daughter's anguish and concludes that she must be pregnant by Paul.
Frances demands a private meeting with Paul, during which he reveals his romantic attraction to Frances.
Frances leaves Paul in disgust, but the situation is soon clarified when Paul tells Gregory that he had only just met Nancy on the boat.
Gregory immediately recognizes Nancy's supposed predicament from the story of the play that Frances was reading, and explains the situation to Frances.
When Frances learns the truth about Paul, she changes her impression of him and they embark on a romance.
After announcing her engagement to Paul, Frances withdraws from Ricardo's play and suggests Nancy as her replacement.
All ends happily when the show opens in New York with Nancy in the starring role.
In 1940, while on a cruise, stodgy, overly frugal businessman Larry Wilson (William Powell) gets hit on the head with an oar while rescuing a drunk 'Doc' Ryan (Frank McHugh) from the water.
He wakes up and remembers that he is actually a suave conman named George Carey.
George's last memory is of going to place a large bet in 1931.
When the ship docks at New York, he is met by Kay (Myrna Loy), whom he discovers is his wife.
She is in the process of divorcing him to marry Herbert (Donald Douglas).
They go home to the small town of Habersville, Pennsylvania.
George talks Doc (who is also a con artist) into masquerading as a physician treating him, partly out of curiosity, but mostly because of greed, after seeing the enormous balance in his checking account.
That turns out to be a dead end (the money is only held in trust for the Community Chest), so he decides to swindle people using his alter ego's sterling reputation.
He sends for Duke Sheldon, who plants oil on a lot George owns.
A complication arises when he falls in love with Kay a second time.
She however wants nothing further to do with her boring cheapskate of a husband.
George attempts to win back Kay's affections while simultaneously trying to sell the worthless land to several greedy leading citizens of the town.
In the end, he decides to abort the swindle, but Duke will not let him.
They fight, and George is knocked out by a punch.
When he comes to, he is Larry once more.
Duke leaves in disgust.
When Doc notes that one knock on the head reversed the effect of another, Kay picks up a vase, but before she can use it, "Larry" proves that he was only faking to get rid of Duke.
Gay party planner Shel (Stamos) is organizing the wedding of his straight brother Ben (Dane) to Maggie (Somerville).
But when Maggie's father and Ben's boss, Maine's Governor Welling (Brolin), makes a speech against gay marriage, Shel goes on strike for equal rights.
His cause picks up steam and eventually spreads nationwide in a "no gays for a day" movement.
During a meeting between Opel and the advertising agency Brainstorm, Viktor Vogel sneaks in and offers his views on how the agency's new campaign is boring and lacking in irony.
This helps the already dissatisfied Opel people tell Brainstorm they need to come up with a new idea as they leave.
After some discussion at Brainstorm the agency decides that they need to find Viktor, whom they threw out after the meeting, and hire him to work on the campaign.
Eventually Viktor becomes the partner of Edward Kaminsky, a veteran ad man who is hoping to retire soon and they begin work on an idea that will keep Brainstorm alive through Opel's money.
Meanwhile, Viktor meets the artist Rosa and begins a relationship, albeit rocky at first.
While at a party that Rosa has thrown, Viktor and Rosa work out an idea for a gallery exhibit where Rosa is in a shopping mart hunting (literally) for her groceries.
Sometime later at a meeting with Opel, Viktor accidentally happens to blurt out the idea, which Opel loves, and they are told to begin work on the idea.
Now Viktor, torn between his work and his girlfriend, must decide what is most important to him.
Edward tells him that all he has to do is pay her for the idea, but Viktor knows that for this artist the idea is more important than money.
However, Rosa's parents feel that they can butt into her life all the time because they give her an allowance and Viktor, seeing this as his opportunity to save himself from his mistake, tries to convince her that this is her opportunity to liberate herself from this cycle.
With no exhibit Rosa is now forced to create something for the gallery that already has her booked and she ends up being turned into a dove as a magic act.
In an attempt to help out his new friend, Viktor, Kaminsky tries to get the agency to change from the hunting idea to something else, which inadvertently gets him let go from the firm.
After this, Eddie hatches a plan which culminates with Viktor defecting from Brainstorm and stealing a client in the process.
Viktor tries to patch things up with his girlfriend, but as she is still a dove we are left to our own imagination about how it will work out.
Susan (Joan Crawford), a flighty society matron, returns from Europe earlier than expected waxing enthusiastic about a new religious movement.
She is estranged from her intelligent and sensitive husband, Barrie (Fredric March) – who has been driven to drink by his wife's insensitivity – and she has neglected her introverted and maladjusted daughter, Blossom (Rita Quigley).
Barrie tries to meet her boat as it arrives in New York City, but she avoids him and absconds to the country home of her friend, Irene Burroughs (Rose Hobart).
While at the house, her fervor and sermonizing alienates friends "Hutchie" and Leonora (Nigel Bruce and Rita Hayworth) by insisting Leonora leave her elderly husband and return to the stage.
Susan also insults Irene by telling her that she's unsuited for her lover, Mike (Bruce Cabot).
While they all blow off Susan's musings, it sticks with them, and Barrie comes to the house to beg for forgiveness.
He asks her to give him another chance for the sake of their daughter Blossom, and offers to grant finally Susan the divorce she seeks if he takes another drink.
Susan consents and agrees to spend the summer with the family, thus making Blossom very happy.
At first, Barrie is taken in by Susan's new passion, believing it is a sign of maturity, but he suffers disappointment when he realizes it is simply another manifestation of her shallowness.
Gradually, Susan begins to understand the pain she has caused her family and determines to put her own house in order before meddling in the lives of others.
Fashion magazine editor Larry Blake (Douglas) marries ski instructor Karin Borg (Garbo) on impulse, but she soon learns he expects her to be a dutiful wife, and not the independent woman she was when they met.
They separate and Larry returns to New York City, where he takes up again with playwright Griselda Vaughn (Bennett), with whom he was involved prior to his marriage.
Karin comes to New York to thwart the romance and get her husband back, playing her mythical twin sister Katherine Borg, a wild, amoral "modern" woman.
Karin, in the guise of Katherine, fascinates Larry until he realizes the truth.
He plays along, almost seducing his wife's purported twin sister, but stopping short each time.
Karin and Larry eventually reunite on the ski slopes and all is forgiven.
Kyle (Jim Verraros) breaks up with Marc (Brett Chukerman), his love interest from the first movie, accusing him of flirting with hotter men.
Kyle, Tiffani (Rebekah Kochan) and Gwen, friends from the first movie, all become attracted to Troy (Marco Dapper), a chiseled farm boy from Troy, Illinois, who poses nude for their art class.
Troy befriends and confides in them that he has slept with both women and men, but is reluctant to embrace any gay feelings.
Kyle and the girls devise a scheme in which Kyle pretends to be an ex-gay who is dating Tiffani, to overcome Troy's inhibitions and get him to sleep with the both of them.
While Kyle and Troy start attending meetings with the campus ex-gay ministry, Marc notices Kyle becoming close with Troy and decides to try to seduce Troy himself.
Troy eventually succumbs to Marc's advances during Gwen's homoerotic photo shoot, and the two fool around, but Marc cannot go through with it because he still has feelings for Kyle.
Troy then overhears Gwen and Marc talking about the entire scheme.
Wanting to get back at the schemers, Troy visits Tiffani and Kyle because supposedly they have an "arrangement" that lets Kyle sleep with men.
They attempt a threesome, but Troy gets his revenge by goading them into performing an uncomfortable act of cunnilingus first.
Gwen and Marc storm into Kyle's house after witnessing the debacle, and Troy scolds the group for being so sex-crazy.
Troy ultimately concludes that he is bisexual (to which everyone shouts out, "There's no such thing.
", although they later accept it) and Kyle admits he was wrong to leave Marc.
The five then start scheming to out Jacob (Scott Vickaryous), the closeted leader of the ex-gay ministry, to his mother by tricking him to have sex with Octavio, another member of the ministry, in a portable toilet on wheels.
Jacob finally comes out to his mother (after he inadvertently ejaculates on her coat as his sexuality is revealed), and flees with Octavio.
Troy takes a liking to Tiffani and they start a relationship.
In the end, Marc and Kyle get back together after confessing their feelings to each other and start kissing.
Gwen starts to date a girl experimentally.
A romantic comedy, set on Cape Cod in 1905, about three 70-year-old retired sea captains who try to lure an attractive, middle-aged woman into marriage.
Lily (Loren Horsley), a shy, wistful girl, is a songwriter when no one is listening.
She works as a cashier at a fast food restaurant and has a crush from afar on Jarrod (Jemaine Clement), a geek who works in a video game store.
Jarrod is more interested in Lily's workmate, Jenny (Chelsie Preston Crayford).
With Jenny not at work one day, Jarrod gives Lily an invitation to his "dress as your favourite animal" party to pass along to her, but Jenny crumples it up and throws it away upon receiving it.
Lily retrieves it from the rubbish.
The party is sparsely attended with what are apparently teenage and adult customers of Jarrod's store, all dressed extravagantly as their favourite animal.
Jarrod is impressed with Lily's shark costume as well as her savant-like video game skills, making it to the finals of a Fight Man video game competition, though she loses to defending champion, Jarrod because she spends their contest staring at him.
They go to Jarrod's room and he questions Lily and learns her parents are dead, having had heart attacks.
He says both his brother, Gordon, and his mother are dead.
He says his mother died by getting kicked in the head by a cow.
They kiss and have brief sex.
Lily now considers Jarrod her boyfriend and hangs out around his shop.
They set a date one night to see a film at the local cinema.
Jarrod fails to turn up.
He comes by Lily's house later that night to apologize, saying he was depressed and needed to be alone.
He later says that he has to kill a man in his hometown who used to bully him in high school, but laments he has no car to get there.
Lily asks her brother Damon, and he agrees to drive Jarrod and Lily to Jarrod's home.
On the way to Jarrod's home town, Damon offers Lily and Jarrod apples to eat.
Jarrod takes a bite only to discover his apple is rotten.
He throws it out the window into a river they are driving past.
This apple then becomes the representation of Jarrod in several claymation scenes of the film.
Upon arriving, Damon and Lily discover that the family is just as bizarre as Jarrod himself.
Jarrod's sister (Nancy) and brother-in-law (Doug) seem to sell all kinds of "sell from home products", like questionable make-up kits, knives and their own athletic jumpsuit clothing line "Awesome apparel".
Jarrod's dad, Jonah, is a withdrawn man in a wheelchair.
Jarrod spends his time alternating between trying to win his dad's affection and training for his impending fight with his high school bully Eric Elisi.
It becomes clear his father loved his other son Gordon much more than Jarrod.
Gordon was very successful, winning many ribbons, especially in running.
When Lily asks how Gordon died, Jarrod says that he died saving a kid from a fire at the school.
Lily meets with Mason—Jarrod's best friend and computer geek—to find out that Eric will return from Samoa the next day.
The three then creep up to Eric's house to drop off Jarrod's invitation to the fight between the two of them.
Gordon's fiancee, Tracy, comes over.
She seems to be a person of similar success to Gordon and Jarrod's father even loves her more than Jarrod.
Jarrod tries to impress his father with the news he's dating Lily, but father isn't impressed.
The two go to the beach and Lily finds a rock shaped like a heart that she shows Jarrod.
He tells her that he must break up with her, as he's too busy with the revenge mission and "too complex" for a relationship.
Lily is visibly upset but tries to hide it.
Jarrod takes flowers over to Tracy's house and spends the day with her on the beach trying to impress her with his "fighting skills".
She isn't impressed.
Meanwhile, it's been revealed that Jarrod has a little girl from a random sexual encounter at a party, who is nine whom he sees only occasionally.
Lily and the girl walk with Jonah around town coming to a hill.
He refuses to go any farther, holding the wheels of his wheelchair and finally getting up out of his wheelchair and walking himself and his wheelchair home, exposing that he doesn't need it.
Lily and the girl continue up the hill where the girl says that "That's where my Uncle Gordon died", revealing that Gordon did not die saving a child from a fire as Jarrod had said, but by committing suicide.
They return home and the family eats dinner.
Lily tells a silly joke and the whole group gets along very well.
Jarrod comes home to find the group laughing and then kills the mood by saying that he'd been with Tracy all day and that they'd been laughing harder.
Jarrod's father Jonah spends most of his time watching an old tape of Gordon winning a cross country meet and reliving the victory that he felt at that time.
In the video, Gordon wins the race and is congratulated obsessively by his father.
Tracy comes over and the two are celebrating.
Jarrod then attempts to come over and is pushed away by the father.
Seeing his father watching this and feeling even more alienated, Jarrod falsely announces that he is dating Tracy.
Jonah is crushed.
Lily, annoyed by this, leaves the house and takes her sleeping bag from the tent, choosing to sleep over on the other side of the yard instead, stubbornly refusing Jarrod's offer to use it.
He moves the tent to her and sleeps inside it, although it collapses on top of him.
Annoyed by Jarrod's behavior, Lily decides to go with Doug and Nancy to a local party.
She gets very drunk and dances with a lot of boys while Jarrod jealously looks on.
Eventually, she runs off, ripping off all her clothes and sleeping in the bushes somewhere.
In the morning, she returns, and Jarrod tells her he didn't get any sleep that night worrying about her.
That afternoon, Jarrod, with his family and friends watching, confronts Eric and finds out that Eric is paralyzed and uses a wheelchair.
Eric apologizes for how he bullied him in high school, but Jarrod attacks him anyway with a set of nunchucks.
Despite his condition, Eric is able to easily wrestle Jarrod to the ground and only relents in his attacks when Jarrod's father tells him to leave him alone.
Jarrod is depressed about his fight with Eric but Lily finds him and attempts to cheer him up.
Lily tells him she is leaving for home on the following day—but that could change.
At the bus stop, Jarrod is waiting for her, presenting her with a bouquet of lilies.
They reconcile and journey back on a bus together.
Alex Fletcher (Hugh Grant) is a washed-up former pop star who is attempting to revive his dwindling career by hitching his name to the rising star of Cora Corman (Haley Bennett), a young megastar who has asked him to write a song titled "Way Back Into Love".
During an unsuccessful attempt to come up with words for the song, he discovers that the woman who is temporarily watering his plants, Sophie Fisher (Drew Barrymore), has a gift for writing lyrics.
Sophie, a former creative writing student reeling from a disastrous romance with her former English professor Sloan Cates (Campbell Scott) who "forgot" to mention he had a fiancée, initially refuses.
Alex cajoles her into helping him by using a few quickly-chosen phrases she has given him as the basis for a song.
Over the next few days, they grow closer while writing the words and music together, much to the delight of Sophie's older sister Rhonda (Kristen Johnston), a huge fan of Alex.
Barely meeting the deadline Cora has set for the song's delivery, Alex and Sophie are thrilled when she accepts it; however, at a celebratory dinner with Alex's manager Chris (Brad Garrett) Sophie is mortified to encounter Sloan.
She confronts him but finds herself tongue-tied in his presence, and Alex's own attempts to defend her result in a scuffle.
Nursing their wounds back at Alex's apartment, Alex and Sophie fall into an unplanned romantic encounter.
Sophie is later horrified when she finds Cora plans to record a sexy interpretation of "Way Back into Love," complete with an Indian vibe which she feels clashes with the romantic spirit of the song.
She is determined to convince Cora to abandon the arrangement, but Alex vetoes her efforts for fear he will lose Cora's goodwill.
In the ensuing argument, he admits Cora's version is awful but contends accepting it as the cost of doing business.
Upset by Alex's willingness to demean his talent and extremely hurt by his argument that Sloan Cates was right about her personality, Sophie leaves him.
Sophie, intending to start a new life in Florida, reluctantly attends the opening of Cora's new tour at Madison Square Garden, at which Alex and Cora will debut "Way Back Into Love".
Upon hearing that Alex is singing a new song "written by Alex Fletcher", Sophie is upset to believe that Alex is stealing credit for her work; however, the song Alex sings is called "Don't Write Me Off", his plea for Sophie to give him another chance.
Touched, Sophie finds Alex backstage, and he confesses he convinced Cora to drop the risqué version of "Way Back into Love" in an attempt to win Sophie back.
He and Cora perform the tune as he and Sophie intended it to be sung, leading to the two of them kissing.
The end of the movie (a homage to VH1's Pop-Up Video) reveals that the song becomes a hit for Cora and Alex, the film version of Sloan's novel flops with critics and moviegoers (ending his career), PoP.
reunites for their induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame after which their lead singer Colin Thompson (who left the band with some of Alex's songs to start a solo career) winds up having his hip replaced after years of dancing, and Alex and Sophie go on to become successful partners, both in songwriting and romance.
Derrick, an aspiring lawyer who is studying for the bar exam, struggles to keep his head above water financially.
His best friend and roommateJ.
suggests Derrick join him at his job as a seat filler at awards shows.
When seat filling at the Video Beat awards gala, Derrick meets popular R&B singer Jhnelle, who mistakes him for a regular guest.
Believing that he is Alonzo Grant, entertainment lawyer to the stars, Jhnelle asks Derrick out on a date.
During the date Derrick tells Jhnelle that he is not Alonzo Grant and that he cannot afford the meal, but she says she was planning to pay for it anyway and laughs, believing Derrick to be kidding.
They leave the restaurant with plans for a second date.
Derrick plans on cancelling the date because he cannot afford it, butJ.
tells him not to worry and that he's got everything covered as long as he takes him along.
Derrick, Jhnelle,J, and Jhnelle's friend Sandie take a Bentley thatJ.
"borrowed" while pretending to be valet and head to a club.
Jhnelle's ex-boyfriend Trent is there and causes problems whileJ.
tells Derrick that the rightful car owner is also at the club.
Derrick, who did not know about the stolen car, gets upset and walks away fromJ.
who chases after Sandie while Jhnelle and Derrick leave the club.
Jhnelle asks to take the car home but Derrick suggests taking the bus instead.
They get off and walk around town, where Derrick again tries to tell Jhnelle the truth, but she interrupts him with a kiss.
The next day Jhnelle leaves a message on Derrick's phone saying she wants to have lunch and that she'll meet him at "his" office.
Derrick panics over what to do andJ.
yells at him to run.
He quickly gets dressed and runs to the building where Alonzo works and is just in time to meet Jhnelle there, suggesting they do something "better than lunch" which is a movie at a theater in the hood.
Meanwhile, Trent goes to Alonzo's office to confront him.
Trent goes to Jhnelle and begs her to go with him to a television award show.
She agrees, but only as a friend.
There they meet Derrick who is seat filling.
Trent accuses him of looking awfully good considering Alonzo Grant has been in the hospital for the past 2 weeks, and asks a worker there what his real name is, who answers Derrick Harver.
Jhnelle begins to cry and begs Al to say something, but Derrick replies, "My name is Derrick" and she runs off.
Derrick punches Trent and tries to run after her but is stopped by security.
Over the next few days Derrick tries persistently to call Jhnelle but Sandie answers and to Jhnelle's request tells him she's out.
Sandie tries to get Jhnelle to talk to him for closure but Jhnelle refuses saying she just wants to work on her album.
With VIP access given to him by Sandie, Derrick tries to meet Jhnelle at a shoot for her music video.
He tells her that he's sorry and that what he felt for her was real, but she accuses him of being a liar and says she can't believe that, then walks away with Derrick calling after her.
Derrick falls into a slump untilJ.
tells him to stop acting like him and start acting like himself.
Derrick goes on to pass his Bar Exam, get a job and get a nice apartment.
While unpacking he turns on theV and sees Jhnelle on screen at an award show.
Inspired, he calls upJ and they go posing as seat fillers.
While she's performing, Derrick and the other seat fillers begin to stand up holding white carnations, inspired by a story Jhnelle once told him about her grandparents.
He tries to walk up to her but is stopped by security.
She tells them to wait and goes to him and the two embrace.
NASA is training for the first manned mission to Mars by the spacecraft Aries.
Due to a supposed glitch in the computer navigation system, NASA looks for the original programmer of the software to see why the software seems to be broken.
Fred Randall (Harland Williams), the eccentric programmer who wrote the software, meets Paul Wick (Jeffrey DeMunn), the flight director of the Mars mission; William "Wild Bill" Overbeck (William Sadler), the commander of the Mars mission; and astronaut Gary Hackman (Peter Onorati), the computer specialist.
After a display of hard-headed stubbornness by Gary, he is hit in the head by a model of the Pilgrim 1 Mars lander, resulting in a skull fracture.
NASA decides to replace him instead of delaying the mission.
Fred is brought to NASA to see if he has what it takes to be an astronaut; he, along with Gordon Peacock, go through a series of exercises, which sees Fred do well, even going as far to break every record that Bill had.
In the end, Fred gets the job.
While getting ready to board the Aries, Fred chickens out and refuses to go on the mission.
Bud Nesbitt (Beau Bridges), who Wick claims is the cause of the Apollo 13 accident, tells Fred about the three commemorative coins given to him by President Johnson.
He gave one coin to Neil Armstrong, another to Jim Lovell, and finally shows Randall a gold coin reading, "Bravery".
"It hasn't done me much good," Bud says.
"Maybe it'll mean something to you one day".
Fred, along with Commander Overbeck, geologist Julie Ford (Jessica Lundy), and Ulysses, a trained chimpanzee, will look for fossils on Mars.
To save on resources, crew members are put into "hypersleep" for eight months while the ship heads towards Mars.
Ulysses purposely takes Fred's "hypersleep chamber" for his own and Fred has to sleep in Ulysses' chimp-shaped chamber.
He sleeps for only 13 minutes and has to stay up for eight months.
While looking at Mars weather data Fred notices severe sandstorms that could endanger the crew.
He contacts Bud in Houston and tells him about the storms that are forecast to hit the landing site.
If the crew get caught in the storms, they could be lost forever.
Bud tells Wick about the situation but Wick ignores him.
The crew makes it to Mars, after Overbeck barks at Fred for being awake the whole time and using all the food, except food that the former despises (anchovy paste, creamed liver, and gefilte fish), for painting.
They land the Pilgrim on the Martian surface.
As Overbeck prepares to be the first human to step on Mars, Fred slips from the ladder and lands first.
A day after the crew lands, the sandstorms arrive ahead of schedule.
After almost losing Overbeck and Ulysses in the sandstorm, the crew lifts off from the Martian surface.
Wick is replaced by Bud when it becomes clear that Wick does not trust his NASA crew.
The ship has almost made it out of the sandstorm when rocks kicked up by the wind hit the lander.
Pilgrim 1 loses power and begins to spin out of control.
Fred has to rewire the entire system, reboot it and power everything back up in less than two minutes or they will crash.
With less than 20 seconds, he has to complete the circuit.
He frantically searches for something and finally shoves the commemorative coin into the slot, allowing the lander to regain power.
The crew safely return to the Aries orbiting Mars.
Fred then asks Julie to dance with him in zero gravity to "When You Wish upon a Star".
As Fred gets ready for "hypersleep" one last time, Ulysses climbs into his "hypersleep chamber" once again, forcing Fred to stay up for another eight months on the journey back home.
In a post-credits scene, the crew's flag pole on Mars is shown missing its flag.
It is revealed that Randall's American flag boxers, which were earlier used as a replacement for the original flag, had been stolen by a Martian.
Tommy Linklater is an eighteen-year-old magician.
The magic he performs is often minor - re-directing croquet balls, making cards appear in closed purses - it is always genuine; he actually does the impossible.
He will soon learn that his hobby for playing chess while his mother was alive is another gift she left him.
His father, Herman Linklater, is a physicist who believes that all the universes mysteries will eventually be explained away.
Tommy's mother and Herman's wife, Melanie, has died and left them a house they did not know she owned.
It is in a small lake-side town called North Hatley.
They decided to move there for a year so that Herman can finish his book on cosmology.
Once they arrive, the Linklaters discover that Melanie was something of a local legend.
She left North Hatley after throwing a game against the town's greatest chess rivals, the Russians.
The town was forced to realize their mistakes.
They pushed her too hard to win, undermining the soul of the game.
Her pictures and trophies are everywhere in the small town.
Tommy attends Hatley High, whose main claim to fame is the Knights, an internationally ranked chess team.
He befriends a basketball prodigy named Julius, whose secret passion is surfing, as well as Trevor and Darryl two charming and ambitious guys who call themselves the Syndicate.
He also meets, and ends up going out with, Hyacinthe Marquez, the beautiful and witty cheerleader who does cartwheels as effortlessly as she quotes Oscar Wilde.
Herman, meanwhile, is being pestered by the town priest Lorne Granger.
Lorne is a physics buff who actually, and casually, talks to God.
Herman is very uncomfortable around priests, but is eventually won over by Lorne's enthusiasm for physics.
Herman undergoes a sort of epiphany when Lorne provides him with an equation that isn't supposed to exist.
The equation enables him to finish his book, but he is forced to confront the possibility that he not living in a clockwork universe after all.
Shaun Rodes, egomaniac and captain of the chess team continually challenges Tommy to a chess match, wishing to find out if Tommy inherited his mother's skills.
Tommy refuses.
However, Hyacinthe sets up an after school game of chess between Shaun, and Tommy.
Tommy loses and chides Hyacinthe for selling him out.
However, Shaun has a feeling Tommy threw the game.
Hyacinthe tries to win Tommy back, and does so by singing to him outside his window.
Tommy is moved to forgive her.
Shaun, still suspicious from his victory, invites Tommy to an underground high-stakes chess club, rife with shady characters, hot babes, and money.
Shaun, hoping to prove his suspicions of Tommy's monumental talent, volunteers Tommy to play a blitz game against the top player in the club.
Tommy, though reluctant, wins easily.
When it is announced that the Russian Junior Chess Team is coming to play Hatley High, the whole town is thrown into a frenzy.
An opportunity for redemption.
At the pre-game dance, Anya, captain of the Russian chess team, easily seduces Shaun, ties him up, and locks him in the school's attic, solidifying a Russian win.
The Russians are winning.
During halftime Tommy performs a spectacular half-time magic show.
When Shaun does not escape from his bonds in time to play the remaining match, the coach is forced to substitute Tommy in his place.
Hella lives in a boarding house and has various romantic adventures before settling down with vacuum cleaner salesman Winkler.
Der Kongress tanzt takes place during the Congress of Vienna, that took place in 1814/1815 after the Napoleonic Wars, a meeting between the powers that was to set the frontiers of the world.
Russia's Tsar Alexander is traveling incognito among the people in the tradition of his ancestor Peter the Great, coming across a witty and charming Viennese glove seller, the young Christel Weinzinger.
She announces her business by throwing flowers with a visiting card into each carriage that drives past.
As the story unfolds, Christel is accused of an assassination attempt and finally condemned.
The punishment is however waived and Christel is again free.
The Tsar, having fallen in love with Christel, uses the visiting card, in order to visit her in her business.
A romance develops, with Prince Metternich and his army of spies intending to use the situation to further his own agenda.
This however clashes with Pepi, his secretary, who is also in love with Christel.
Christel tells her friends about the romance, which is naturally not believed.
Only as the Tsar arrives with a splendid carriage to fetch her, does astonishment set in.
The romance is terminated when Napoléon Bonaparte escapes from the island of Elba and marches upon Paris.
The Tsar, as all other rulers, has to leave.
Christel stays behind, miserable, but finds solace with Pepi.
Farmer Milt Dominy (Henry Hull) and his son Daniel (Lon McCallister), who is called "Snug", commiserate with each other about their loathing of Judith (Anne Revere), Milt's second wife, and her brutish son Stretch (Robert Karnes).
Milt decides to return to the sea while Snug takes a job as a hired hand with a neighboring farmer, Robert "Roarer" McGill (Tom Tully), with whose daughter, Rad (June Haver), he is in love, although the daughter gets her kicks out of keeping him guessing about her true feelings.
Her father neither encourages nor endorses the courtship.
Some days later, Snug offers to buy two mules, named Crowder and Moonbeam, from his boss, to add to his income.
Roarer agrees but warns Snug that ownership of the mules will revert to him if Snug misses even one payment.
Snug then takes Crowder and Moonbeam to Tony (Walter Brennan)'s farm, and Tony, who was once a dedicated mule driver before falling down on his luck and becoming an alcoholic.
While learning about the mules, Snug also deals with Judith and Stretch, who are trying to take over the Dominy farm.
Eager to help Snug, Tony introduces him to logging foreman Mike Malone (G.
Pat Collins), who offers him a well-paying job, which will start when Snug learns how to drive the mules.
Tony teaches Snug the commands "scudda hoo" and "scudda hay," which mean "gee" and "haw," country slang for "left" and "right".
One day, Snug's deliberate insolence prompts Roarer to fire him, and Snug goes to work at the lumber camp.
Snug intends to use his first week's pay for another installment on the mules and is devastated when Tony, who was holding the money, returns home drunk and broke.
Snug begs Roarer to accept a double payment in a few days, but Roarer refuses and asks Sheriff Tod Bursom to enforce his right to reclaim the mules.
Seeing this, Roarer's wife Lucy finally stands up to her overbearing husband and loans the money.
Meanwhile, Snug learns that his father has died, leaving him the Dominy farm, and Tony promises to consult Judge Stillwell about evicting Stretch and Judith.
Soon after, Stretch places a wire snare in Crowder and Moonbeam's stall in an attempt to cripple them.
Snug and Rad, who are out on a date, return to Tony's house and there catch Stretch as Crowder is crushing him against the barn wall.
Snug rescues Stretch from Crowder then throws him off Tony's property.
Later, Judge Stillwell and Sheriff Bursom evict Stretch and his mother from the Dominy farm.
As Snug, Rad and Tony are riding back to Tony's, they pass Roarer, whose tractor is stuck in the mud.
Snug bets Roarer that if Moonbeam and Crowder can pull the tractor free, Roarer will forget Snug's debt, but if they fail, Roarer will reassume possession of them.
Snug also asks for Roarer's blessing of his marriage to Rad if he succeeds, and Roarer reluctantly agrees.
Snug expertly drives the animals and soon the tractor is free.
Finally, as a happy Rad joins Snug, Roarer concedes that at least the mules will still be in the family.
Ivy Moore, an African-American maid, age 26, has worked for the Austin family for nine years, after arriving from Florida where she was raised by her grandmother.
Despite being treated as a part of the family, she announces her decision to leave her job and go to secretarial school in order to improve her situation.
The Austins are desperate to keep her, and the teenagers, Gena and Tim, hatch a scheme to do so.
Tim Austin sets up Ivy with Jack Parks, a trucking company executive, to wine and dine Ivy.
He hopes that the introduction of excitement in her life will dissuade her from leaving the family.
Tim persuades a reluctant Parks to date Ivy, and applies pressure by threatening to reveal his illegal gambling casino, which operates at night in the back of a large long-distance truck.
Their initial meetings are awkward for the cosmopolitan Parks and the less sophisticated Moore, as they go to a Japanese restaurant and a bohemian nightclub in Manhattan.
Eventually, however, romance blossoms, but when Moore learns that Parks was coerced into initially dating her, she breaks up with him.
Parks overcomes his attachment to swinging bachelorhood and asks Moore to leave with him for New York City.
She accepts.
As they do so, they witness the illegal casino, which Parks had handed over to his partner, being pulled over by police and the operators arrested.
Pilot Steve Collins (James Cagney) agrees to help bandleader Alan Brice (Jack Carson) and heiress Joan Winfield (Bette Davis) elope.
Steve then contacts her father Lucius (Eugene Pallette), offering to prevent the marriage and deliver her to him in return for enough money to get out of debt.
Steve tricks Alan into getting off the aircraft, then takes off with Joan.
When an irate Joan tries to jump out of the aircraft, Steve sees that she has her parachute on backwards and is forced to crash land near the ghost town of Bonanza.
The next morning, they encounter the lone resident, "Pop" Tolliver (Harry Davenport).
Joan escapes into an abandoned mine.
When Steve follows her, they are trapped by a cave-in.
Steve finds a way out, but hides it from Joan on the advice of Pop.
Believing that they are going to die, Joan re-examines her frivolous life with great regret.
Steve admits he loves her, but when he kisses her, she tastes food on his lips and realizes he has found a way out.
They exit the mine to find that Alan has tracked them down, accompanied by a Nevada judge.
Steve does not object when Alan and Joan get married, hiding the fact that Bonanza is in California and therefore the wedding is invalid.
The "newlyweds" board another aircraft, but when Joan figures out that they are not really married, she parachutes out to be reunited with Steve.
Tommy Turner (Henry Fonda) is an English teacher at football-crazed Midwestern University.
Although he is uninvolved with the politics of the day, Tommy suddenly finds himself the center of a free-speech debate on campus.
An editorial in a student magazine praises him for planning to read Bartolomeo Vanzetti's sentencing statement to his class as an example of eloquent composition, even in broken English composed by a non-professional.
The school's conservative trustees, led by Ed Keller (Eugene Pallette) threaten to fire Tommy if he doesn't withdraw the reading from his lecture.
The subject of free speech and Tommy's dilemma of conscience anchor the dramatic subplot's social significance.
The lighter comic triangle plot concerns a return visit to attend the big football game by Joe Ferguson (Jack Carson), a former football hero and onetime love interest of Turner's wife Ellen (Olivia de Havilland).
Joe is recently divorced and he rekindles Ellen's romantic notions at the very moment when her marriage to Tommy is being tested by the events on campus.
Carmelo, is 30 years old and extremely shy.
He finds it difficult to reveal his innermost feelings to Verónica his coworker.
When Verónica announces that she is engaged to be married to a rich and handsome man, Carmello is heartbroken.
In an odd twist of fate Verónica sees Carmelo at a gay rally, and assumes that he is gay.
Carmelo doesn't correct this impression and finds the ruse as a way to open up to her.
Verónica soon falls for Carmelo, and leaves her fiance for her "gay" boy friend, who then reveals his real orientation.
After nineteen years of marriage, Dan Edwards' wife Val is exasperated with his lack of attention to her and the amount of attention he pays to a Los Angeles advertising agency that he runs with his friend, Ernie Brewer, a laid-back second-in-command.
Once an exciting man, Dan has become a bore to Valerie, as well as to their two children and to her feisty mother who lives with them.
By contrast, they all look up to the exciting, swinging bachelor "Uncle Ernie", who is always there to give advice to Val and the kids.
Ernie enjoys telling Dan that he's envious of his friend's family life and often reminds Dan that he was the one who was keen on Valerie first.
Valerie likes it that Ernie does things her husband won't – dances with her, compliments her, even picks out the gifts Dan gets for her.
Val is so frustrated, she seeks a lawyer's advice about wanting a divorce.
Ernie can see what his best friend is blind to, so he urges Dan to take his wife on a second honeymoon to Mexico.
Once there, in a land of quickie marriages and divorces, Dan and Val get into an argument in front of proprietor Miguel Santos, and, before they know it, they're divorced.
An apologetic Dan makes it up to her, then arranges for them to be remarried right away.
But an urgent business matter requires his presence back inA, then on to Detroit, to save his company's biggest account.
Ernie travels to Mexico to explain everything to Val, unaware that she's expecting Dan and has already put the wedding ceremony in motion.
By mistake, she ends up married to Ernie.
Once he gets over his shock, Ernie anticipates a quickie divorce, but Val thinks she might enjoy this new arrangement.
Dan, fed up with both of them, decides he's not exactly broken-hearted, either.
Dan immediately discovers the joys of a swinging bachelor life, cavorting with Ernie's sexy playmates and even with a young friend of daughter Tracy's.
As for poor Ernie, it's up to him to run the business, which turns him into the same dull, inattentive husband to Val that her first one had been.
1908: Edith, youngest daughter of Bishop Bridgenorth, is about to be married.
Her uncle General Boxer Bridgenorth, will give her away, as he has all her sisters.
As at all the other weddings he proposes to Lesbia Grantham, the bride's aunt, who refuses him for the "tenth and last" time.
Lesbia wants a family, but not a husband who smokes and is as untidy as the general.
The General is soon shocked to find that his disreputable brother Reginald will be at the wedding.
Reginald was recently divorced by his wife for assaulting her and for his adultery with a prostitute.
Even more distressingly, his ex-wife Leo is coming too.
When the divorcees arrive they are not at all embarrassed.
It seems that Leo and her ex-husband arranged the "assault" and the "prostitute" so that they could separate without any blame attaching to Leo, who wishes to marry another man - John Hotchkiss.
However problems arise when the bride refuses to leave her room.
She says she is reading a pamphlet on marriage.
Apparently Cecil Sykes, her husband-to-be, is also reading a pamphlet.
Both refuse to go to the church until they are finished.
The couple finally emerge from their rooms.
It seems that the pamphlets have revealed to them the dangers of marriage.
She has learned that if her husband becomes a criminal lunatic she cannot divorce him.
He has learned that he may be liable for his wife's debts.
The bishop, who is writing a book on the history of marriage, suggests that Edith and Cecil should revive the Roman concept of marriage by contract, but he thinks a traditional marriage is better.
The Bishop's chaplain, a lawyer, tries to draw up a contract, though it proves a difficult task.
All the characters have ideas about what should be in the contract, based on their own experience.
There is disagreement on medical, religious, financial and other matters.
Eventually they give up, agreeing that a standard marriage is easier, at least with the possibility of divorce.
Cecil and Edith leave together and return married - though the ceremony involved the Beadle giving away the bride.
They have arranged with an insurance company a deal that will free Cecil of responsibility for any future debt incurred by his wife.
In return Cecil has provided a document declaring that if he commits a crime while insane, his wife may divorce him.
Hotchkiss, who, it turns out was being pursued by Leo rather against his own wishes, falls in love with the siren-like Mrs George Collins.
Leo therefore tells her ex-husband that their divorce must be revoked.
While on vacation, sports reporter Mike Hagen (Gregory Peck) meets fashion designer Marilla Brown (Lauren Bacall).
The two instantly bond and quickly get married, only to realize they have little in common.
Mike is a sportswriter and poker enthusiast with working-class friends.
Marilla designs clothes for a wide array of artistic personalities.
Their friends clash memorably one Wednesday night when his Poker Club and her Drama Society both convene at Marilla's apartment.
Marilla becomes suspicious of Mike after she finds a photograph of Lori Shannon (Dolores Gray), Mike's former girlfriend.
Mike tries to hide his former relationship, but fails miserably.
Complicating matters even further is Mike's continuing series of exposés of the activities of crooked boxing promoter Martin Daylor (Edward Platt).
Mike's life is in danger, but he hides that from his wife too.
What results is a series of misunderstandings and mishaps.
Arriving in a small Illinois town by train, Casanova Brown is met by Madge Ferris and tells her not to bring up his trip to New York.
Cas decides to ask Madge to marry him, even though her fatherJ.
warns him against it, saying Madge is nothing but trouble.
Cas leaves town because of a letter from a dr Zernerke summoning him to Chicago, but promises to be back in time for the wedding.
A baby girl is at the Chicago hospital and Cas is asked for an explanation.
He tells of his New York experience with Isabel Drury, of how they fell in love and decided to wed, only to have Cas repeatedly upset Isabel's mother by insulting her belief in astrology, ignoring her warnings that their union would be cursed, then inadvertently burning down the Drurys' house.
After the marriage is annulled, Cas thought it was over.
But now there's a baby.
Cas disguises himself as a doctor and kidnaps the kid.
He then decides to adopt it, but in a hurry to prove he has a stable home life, he proposes to the first woman he sees, Monica, a hotel maid, that they get married immediately.
Madge is left at the altar, Isabel comes back claiming it was just a prank she was playing to get even with Cas for leaving her, and it turns out Monica didn't get to marry him after all because they didn't have a proper license.
Cas and Isabel decide to give it another try.
Melville "Ironpants" Goodwin (Kirk Douglas) is a much-decoratedS.
Army major general who has just been appointed chairman of the Joint Atomic International Commission by the President of the United States.
This is upsetting to wealthy Dorothy "Dottie" Peale, a media mogul who wanted a close friend of her father's to get the position.
Dottie is accustomed to getting her way and decides to do something about it.
She gets the Army to send General Goodwin to her estate on Long Island for a lengthy interview and photo session for one of her popular Peale Enterprises publications.
Her plot is to ruin Goodwin's reputation as a squeaky-clean, red-blooded American hero.
Dottie hides a tape recorder in her home, and assigns a photographer to catch Goodwin in compromising situations.
Having heard rumors that he is secretly a ladies' man, she also hopes to get the general to disclose something scandalous.
Every attempt to catch Goodwin off guard or make him appear a fool fails.
Drastic measures are called for, what Dottie terms "night maneuvers".
She takes the general to a nightclub, tries to get him drunk, coaxing him to sing and dance in a vain attempt to humiliate him.
Nothing works.
A little tipsy herself, Dottie falls off a diving board of her swimming pool at home.
Goodwin rescues her, leading to a night of romance.
Dottie's attitude is changed.
She plans to marry Goodwin and maybe even help him become president of the United States, which would make her first lady.
To her surprise, the general has no plans to continue this romance.
He tells her about a love affair with a woman named Yvette to whom he revealed top-secret information during the Korean War.
When he found out Yvette was an enemy spy, he had to have her shot.
A rejected Dottie goes back to her original plan to ruin him.
Her magazine's story, "Blabbermouth Goodwin," results in a Senate inquiry into his behavior.
Unfortunately for the general, his activity in the Yvette spy case is still top secret, and he is forbidden to discuss it.
Questioned by hostile Senator Burdick (Roland Winters) about another girl in the story, Goodwin reveals she was not a grown woman but a 7-year-old orphan.
He has explanations for everything else and demonstrates that his conduct has been exemplary at all times.
Dottie feels ashamed of her role in this and confirms on the stand his assertion that the article was filled with exaggerations and lies.
Yet she cannot say the same about the matter of Yvette.
Goodwin is unable to get permission to speak about Yvette through the usual channels.
In desperation, he sends Colonel Homer Gooch (Jim Backus) to see the President.
Finally, the spy case is declassified.
The general testifies that the Army knew that Yvette was a spy.
When he was informed, he decided to break off the affair, but was ordered to feed her false information in advance of an important counterattack.
Goodwin is publicly cleared of wrongdoing and recognized as a bigger hero than ever.
In front of a gaggle of Washington reporters, he drags a protesting but obviously willing Dottie into a waiting car, signaling that their romance is on again.
In Los Angeles, popular songwriter Steve Elliott (Red Skelton) prepares to marry Caroline Brooks (Esther Williams), who has pledged to give up her job as a college swimming instructor once she has wed.
Likewise, Steve plans to quit his songwriting career, even though New York producer George Adams (Basil Rathbone) has already hired him to write new songs for a water ballet show.
When George overhears Steve discussing his "retirement" with Caroline, he vows to prevent the marriage and enlists Maria Dorango (Jacqueline Dalya), an aspiring actress posing as a Latin-American singer, to help him.
Moments after a justice of the peace pronounces the redheaded Steve and Caroline man and wife, Maria rushes in, claiming that Steve is her husband and the father of her three redheaded children, which she has paraded in at that moment.
Although Steve pleads his innocence, Caroline storms off in a rage and returns to her teaching post at Victoria College in New Jersey.
A determined Steve and his friend, Carlos Ramirez, follow her there, but are denied entrance to the all-female school.
Later, in a New York nightclub, Steve meets drunken lawyer Chester Klazenfrantz (Donald Meek) and learns that Klazenfrantz has been hired to change the charter of Victoria College, which has never officially designated itself as all-female.
Armed with this information, Steve returns to Victoria and insists on applying for admission.
Unaware of Caroline's relationship to Steve, Dean Clinton (Nana Bryant) suggests to the faculty that he be admitted for a two-week probationary period, during which time they would give him 100 demerits, which would qualify him for expulsion before Parents Day.
Once enrolled, Steve tries to speak with Caroline, but she refuses to listen to his explanations and tells him she is seeking an annulment.
Later, in music class, stodgy Professor Hendricks (Francis Pierlot) attempts to discredit Steve, whose presence on campus has created a furor among the co-eds, by ordering him to write his own version of the Scottish ballad Loch Lomond and teach the next day's class.
With help from several talented students, Carlos, the music teaching assistant (Ethel Smith), and Steve's friend Harry James and his orchestra, Steve meets Hendricks' challenge and is awarded an "A".
That night, Steve visits Caroline at her house, but is turned out after Willis Evans (Bill Goodwin), a conservative botany professor who is in love with Caroline, arrives.
When Caroline realizes that Steve is hiding in her closet, spying on her, she commands Willis' Great Dane, Duke, to guard the closet door, while reminding Steve that unless he is in his room in five minutes, he will be expelled for breaking curfew.
With only seconds to spare, Steve manages to trick the dog long enough to escape back to his dingy basement room.
Steve is then visited by George, who threatens to vilify him in the press unless he finishes his songs.
When Steve swears deadly revenge on the person who hired Maria, however, George backs down and offers to help Steve do his homework.
Concerned about the approaching Parents Day, Dean Clinton, meanwhile, commands Steve's professors, who have penalized him with only fifty-five demerits, to bear down on him.
To that end, Mme.
Zarka (Ann Codee), Steve's ruthlessly strict ballet teacher, forces him to wear a tutu and dance with the co-eds, but Steve once again rises to the occasion.
A now desperate Dean Clinton asks Caroline to go out with Steve and ensure that he arrives back at Victoria after the curfew.
Caroline agrees, but during the evening, Steve convinces her of his innocence, and as they drive back to school, the newlyweds make plans to return to California together.
Unknown to Caroline and Steve, Maria is on campus, looking to expose George, who has been trying to get rid of her, to Steve.
At the same time, a campus sorority descends on Steve's room, hoping to initiate him, and Jean Allenwood (Jean Porter), another co-ed, shows up with news that her parents and Dean Clinton are on their way over to inspect his room.
As Steve desperately hides all the women in two closets and keeps Caroline from discovering Maria, George unexpectedly arrives.
Although Steve succeeds in hiding George and himself and fooling Dean Clinton and the Allenwoods, Maria soon makes her presence known to Caroline, who once again leaves in a fury.
Later, Steve promises to write songs for George's water ballet show on condition he make Caroline the star.
George agrees, and after Maria is finally able to tell Caroline the truth, Caroline happily reunites with Steve, who then gives George a thrashing.
At a wedding reception, a man in his late thirties (Eckhart) approaches a bridesmaid (Bonham Carter) of about the same age, and offers her a glass of champagne.
As conversation ensues, they begin to flirt.
Witty small talk about such topics as the wedding party and their own past relationships gradually reveals to the viewing film audience that they are not strangers, but in fact that they share an intimate past.
A series of flashback scenes shows much younger versions of the two of them as lovers.
Despite having significant others (22-year-old Sarah the dancer and Geoffrey the cardiologist, both absent) the couple choose to go upstairs to her hotel room together.
However, their decision to sleep together is one which is clearly complex and fraught with emotional baggage for each of them.
Again with flashbacks, a series of vignettes juxtaposes their earlier selves against the older, perhaps wiser couple in the hotel room.
The two reminisce and reassess their feelings for each other.
He appears to have ambiguous feelings about the direction of his life, while she seems more adjusted to her life choices.
The emotional fulfillment the two experienced in their youth has the appearance of causing them to reflect on their current lives in comparison to the choices and options they had while much younger.
She must catch a transatlantic flight home to London in the morning, so the two leave the hotel together in the early morning.
As they return to their separate lives, each speculates with their cab driver on the future and the difficulty of being happy.
A comedy about marriage and everything relating to it.
New York novelist Henry Fonda meets up with an actress, Margaret Sullavan, and the two date and later marry, though neither knows of the other's fame.
The real adventure begins on the honeymoon, when this screwball comedy really heats up with insults and arguments.
Composer Peter Bretter (Jason Segel) is in a five-year relationship with actress Sarah Marshall (Kristen Bell), who stars in a -like television show titled Crime Scene: Scene of the Crime.
One day, as Peter stands stark naked in their apartment, Sarah announces that she is breaking up with him.
Devastated, and unable to banish his grief through one-night stands, Peter takes a trip to Hawaii.
However, the vacation is ruined when he learns that Sarah and her new rock star boyfriend Aldous Snow (Russell Brand) are also guests of the resort.
Taking pity on him, hotel concierge Rachel (Mila Kunis) offers him an expensive suite for free in exchange for cleaning up the room himself.
Peter begins spending time with Rachel and starts to develop feelings for her.
Meanwhile, the relationship between Sarah and Aldous begins to falter.
Much of the discord is triggered by the news that Sarah's TV show has been canceled and that Aldous is about to embark on a world tour with his group, Infant Sorrow, for 18 months.
During a day of surf and sand Aldous and Peter run into each other and begin talking.
Inadvertently, Aldous informs Peter that he and Sarah began having sex a full year before she broke up with Peter.
When Peter confronts Sarah, she tells him she began feeling disconnected emotionally from him and she couldn't do anything to make their relationship work.
Further exacerbating the situation is Sarah's obvious jealousy of the budding relationship between Peter and Rachel, while Peter (through observing Sarah's relationship with Aldous) begins to realize that his relationship with her wasn't as great as he remembered.
Sarah, Aldous, Peter, and Rachel later share an awkward dinner together.
After the dinner, Peter takes Rachel back to his hotel room and they begin to have sex.
Sarah hears them through the wall and initiates sex with Aldous, moaning loudly for the benefit of the couple next door, and Rachel and Peter turn the situation into a competition and become even louder.
When Aldous realizes Sarah is clearly putting on a performance to provoke a reaction from Peter, he stops the sex and tells her the trip was a mistake as she's clearly not over Peter.
They bicker furiously, prompting Aldous to announce that the relationship is over.
The next day Peter encounters Aldous, and learns that he and Sarah have broken up and that he is flying back to England.
Peter goes to Sarah's room to console her where she admits she still loves him and tries to rekindle their romance.
The two start to engage in sexual activity, but Peter abruptly cuts it off because of his feelings for Rachel, and his now ambivalent feelings towards Sarah.
Peter immediately goes to Rachel to confess what happened, but she is hurt and demands that he leave and never contact her again.
Before leaving, Peter takes down a naked picture of Rachel from a local bar despite enduring a beat-down from the owner.
He flies back to Los Angeles and after a period of sadness and self-loathing, he begins working on his Dracula puppet comedy-rock opera, A Taste for Love.
He sends an invitation to Rachel for the opening night performance.
Although extremely hesitant at first, Rachel eventually decides to attend.
After the performance Rachel congratulates Peter and tells him she's looking into attending school in the area.
She leaves so Peter can bask in the success of his show, but quickly returns to Peter's dressing room to tell him she misses him.
Peter tells her that he has also missed her too.
The film ends as they embrace and kiss.
Little Athens follows a whirlwind day in the hapless lives of small town youth caught in a dead-end post-high school void.
The journeys of four groups of late teens/early twenty-somethings unfold through four different storylines, their separate trails converging at an explosive house party.
The film portrays the conflicting and comical attempts by five couples to avoid pregnancy by using contraceptive pills.
All of their efforts are ultimately unsuccessful, with the result that all five of the women give birth the following year.
The story revolves around a wealthy London banker named Gerald Hardcastle (Niven) and his wife Prudence (Kerr), who live together unhappily, sleeping in separate bedrooms and speaking to each other only when necessary.
The five couples in the film are (1) Gerald and his French mistress Elizabeth, or "Liz" (Demick), (2) Prudence and her doctor, dr Alan Hewitt (Michell), (3) the Hardcastles's maid Rose (Turner) and their chauffeur Ted (Armstrong), (4) Gerald's brother Henry (Coote) and his wife Grace (Redman), and (5) Henry and Grace's daughter Geraldine (Geeson) and her boyfriend Tony Bates (Dundas).
All of the couples want to use a birth control pill called "Thenol", but none of them wants to admit it.
Prudence, Grace, and Ted manage to acquire supplies of pills, Grace through a prescription written by Hewitt, and Ted from the local chemist, or pharmacist, who happens to be a friend of his.
However, Grace soon becomes pregnant, because Geraldine has been stealing her pills and replacing them with aspirin tablets.
After Geraldine admits her pill-switching scheme to Grace and Grace tells Gerald about it, Gerald uses the scheme on Prudence to generate incriminating evidence of her affair.
Meanwhile, believing that Rose is too conservative to accept contraception, Ted puts his tablets in a vitamin bottle and tells her she needs them for her health.
However, Rose is worried about becoming pregnant, so she switches the pills in her vitamin bottle with the pills in Prudence's Thenol bottle, just moments after Gerald replaces Prudence's Thenol with aspirin.
The result, then, is that Rose unwittingly trades Ted's Thenol for Gerald's aspirin.
She soon becomes pregnant, and Ted tells Gerald about the pills he gave her, but says nothing about telling her they were vitamins.
When Gerald asks her why her Thenol pills failed to work, she asks him how he knew about them, thinking that he has already found out about her taking Prudence's pills, at which point they both realise that she has revealed her guilt.
Now knowing why Prudence is still not pregnant, Gerald buys more aspirin, determined to expose her relationship with Hewitt.
This eventually works, as do whatever measures Grace took to keep her pills away from Geraldine.
By the end of the film, Geraldine and Prudence are both expecting.
Eventually, Gerald gets into trouble with both Liz and Prudence.
Liz grows dissatisfied in her covert relationship with Gerald, who has been hiding her from his family, and decides to leave him.
Prudence finds the letter that Liz wrote to Gerald about her decision, and Gerald finds Hewitt's Thenol prescription for Prudence.
At first, neither Gerald nor Prudence is willing to grant the other a divorce, but Prudence offers to take the blame after becoming pregnant, as long as Gerald will spare Hewitt's reputation.
Gerald accepts this arrangement grudgingly, but before meeting with Hewitt, he happens to see Liz while driving through town, and she tells him she is going to have his baby.
Now able to see her openly, and with a child on the way, Gerald quickly and enthusiastically agrees to an amicable divorce.
A few months later, a total of six newborn babies arrive, Rose having had twins.
Businessman Clemson Reade (Cary Grant) breaks his engagement with workaholicS.
diplomat girlfriend Effie (Deborah Kerr) for an adoring "old-fashioned" girl from the fictional country of Bukistan, Princess Tarji (Betta st John).
Reade wants a wife who can "just find having babies and taking care of a man" pleasurable.
While Reade tries to get closer to his bride-to-be, Effie, who has been assigned by the State Department to see that the marriage does not disturb a major oil deal with Bukistan, ends up educating the Princess about such Western ideas of the role of a wife and women's emancipation, while, simultaneously moderating some of her own ideas about making the happiness of her "man" (ie.
Grant) a primary concern.
Grant's courtship of the Princess, which he attempts to conduct by "American" customs, must be adjusted to Bukistanian tradition, to protect the proposed oil deal.
Effie explains to him that the marriage, called "hufi", is followed by a prolonged period of celebration called "bruchah".
These terms are borrowed for comedic effect from the Jewish terms "huppah"—the canopy beneath which the marriage ceremony takes place (thus the ceremony itself is sometimes called "hupah") and "Sheva 'bruchis' or 'sheva brachot'" - 7 blessings ("bruchah" means "blessing", in the Ashkenazic pronunciation) that are recited as part of both the ceremony and a week-long celebration that follows.
The movie begins with the Wildcats trailing the West High Knights, with the Wildcats entering the locker room for the final quarter feeling bitter.
Team captain Troy rallies the team's spirit ("Now or Never") and, with the help of new transfer Jimmie "Rocket-man" Zara, the Wildcats win the championship game which is the last one for the seniors on the squad at East High.
Later, at Troy's after-match party at his house, Troy and Gabriella are seen thinking about their future and wishing that their last few months at East High would not end ("Right Here, Right Now").
Sharpay meets Tiara Gold, a British exchange student whom she hires to be her personal assistant.
When drama teacher ms Darbus notices that there were so few sign-ups for the spring musical, Sharpay suggests she could do a one-woman show.
This alarms Kelsi, who is writing the show, so she immediately signs up everyone in their homeroom for it instead.
This results in ms Darbus announcing they will create a play about their final days at East High, called Senior Year.
In addition, she reveals that Sharpay, Ryan, Kelsi, and Troy have all been considered for a scholarship at Juilliard School, but only one of them is to be chosen.
Troy is confused because he did not apply to Juilliard.
Seeing his friends laughing, he believes they gave his name to Juilliard.
Sharpay becomes desperate to win the scholarship, and knowing that Kelsi will give the best songs to Troy and Gabriella in the musical, she gets Ryan to try to persuade Kelsi to give them a song, by predicting her (and Ryan's) future ("I Want It All").
The very next day, Troy asks Gabriella to the dance while on the rooftop (seen previously in the first film as The Garden Club, a place where Troy goes seeking some quiet).
She then teaches him how to waltz ("Can I Have This Dance.
").
After that, Troy and Chad steal Jimmie and Donnie's clothes, thus leading through a big chase and mrs Darbus forced them to volunteer as understudies.
Chad then asks Taylor to go to prom with him with a cheesy pick-up line.
She initially refuses, but later relents when Chad proves he can put in some effort and asks again in front of everyone in school.
The group rehearses for the musical, a scene about their prom night ("A Night to Remember").
The next day, Ryan walks in on Kelsi composing in the music room and they start to sing ("Just Wanna Be with You") which leads to Ryan asking Kelsi to prom.
While Troy and Chad reminisce about their past ("The Boys Are Back"), Tiara overhears Gabriella and Taylor's conversation about the Stanford Freshman's Honors Program and informs Sharpay about it, while Sharpay convinces Troy that he is the only thing keeping Gabriella from her dream.
Troy talks to Gabriella about this and after sharing an awkward goodnight, Gabriella sings ("Walk Away") and leaves for college the next day.
Troy's father, Jack, talks to him about his academic future, which he expects will be in the University of Albuquerque.
This assumption makes Troy become angry and confused about which college he is going to, and he runs away, storming around East High bewildered until he finally screams at the top of his lungs in the theater ("Scream").
ms Darbus is secretly watching and reveals that she sent in his application for Juilliard.
Troy later gets a call from Gabriella saying that although she loves him, she will not return to Albuquerque for prom or graduation.
However, on the day of the prom, Troy visits Gabriella at Stanford University and convinces her to return and they kiss during the lunch break ("Can I Have This Dance.
(Reprise)").
Back at East High, Sharpay is prepared for the last musical at East High and Troy's fellow basketball player Jimmie receives a text from Troy to tell him to cover for him onstage because he is going to be late.
The Juilliard representatives are there, and watch as the show seems to go well.
Kelsi and Ryan start out the show followed by a couple other numbers; Jimmie then performs with Sharpay and embarrasses her, although the audience applauds the performance.
Troy and Gabriella appear during the second half of the show and sing their duet together.
Tiara then betrays Sharpay and tells her how she is going to take over next year in the drama department.
Sharpay finally learns how it feels to be manipulated and humiliated, but nevertheless does not wish to go down.
While Tiara performs, Sharpay immediately crashes her performance and upstages her ("Senior Year Spring Musical").
At the end of the musical, ms Darbus reveals that both Kelsi and Ryan have won the Juilliard scholarship and tells about everyone's future plans, in which Troy reveals he's chosen  ((University of Califonia, Berkeley)) so he can be close to Gabriella where he can play basketball and perform in theater ("We're All in This Together" [Graduation Mix]).
At the graduation ceremony, Troy gives the class speech after being selected by ms Darbus.
Throwing their caps in the air, the graduates form a giant "wildcat" before breaking out into song and dance ("High School Musical").
As the film ends, the graduates run across the field, the curtain falls, and they appear on the East High stage.
The main cast performs the song, "High School Musical", before jumping and bowing when the curtain falls.
"Dodge" Connelly (George Clooney) is captain of the Duluth Bulldogs, a struggling professional American football team circa 1925.
Dodge is determined to save both his team and pro football in general when the players lose their sponsor and the league is on the brink of collapse.
He convinces Princeton University's college football star, Carter "the Bullet" Rutherford, to join the Bulldogs, hoping to capitalize on Carter's fame as a decorated hero of the First World War (like Alvin York, he single-handedly captured a large group of German soldiers).
In addition to his legendary tales of combat heroism, Carter has dashing good looks and unparalleled speed and skill on the field.
As a result of his presence, both the Bulldogs and pro football in general begin to prosper.
Chicago Tribune newspaper reporter Lexie Littleton becomes the object of the affections of both Dodge and Carter.
Lexie has been assigned to find proof that Carter's war heroics are bogus.
Carter confesses that the surrender of the Germans was a lucky accident and that his role in it was more foolish than heroic.
Carter soon discovers Lexie's agenda and is doubly hurt when he learns that Dodge and Lexie are starting to show affections for each other and even shared a kiss.
The ensuing fight over Lexie's affections puts her off.
Spurred on by the threats of Carter's manager, she decides to publish the story.
The story sparks a firestorm of accusations and reprimands.
Carter's manager resorts to shady dealing to cover it up, even bribing the original witness to change his story.
Dodge's attempts to legitimize pro football take a life of its own.
The new commissioner formalizes the game's rules, taking away improvisational antics.
In addition, the commissioner takes the responsibility of clearing up the Carter controversy to set an example for the new direction of professional football.
With the whole world against Lexie (even the Tribune is pushing her to retract her story), Dodge concocts a clever ruse.
Interrupting a private hearing in the commissioner's office, Dodge threatens Carter with a confrontation by his old army mates.
Dodge claims that they are just outside the door, ready to congratulate him for his heroic actions.
In truth, the men are Bulldogs in borrowed Army uniforms.
Carter confesses the truth.
The commissioner frees Lexie from printing a retraction.
Carter is ordered to simply say he got too much credit for his war actions, but must give a hefty part of his paycheck to the American Legion.
Carter's conniving manager is banned from football as well.
Dodge is warned that if he pulls any old tricks to win the next game, he will lose his place in the league.
Dodge plays in one last game.
This time it will be against Carter, who has changed sides from Duluth to Chicago.
The rivalry for Lexie's affection spills onto the field.
The game does not go well for Dodge, including how muddy the field is.
Dodge decides football should be played without rules.
Lexie notices that after a brawl, Dodge is missing and with most players covered in mud, no one can tell who is who.
There appears to be an interception and Chicago seems to have won, but when the mud is removed it is seen that the player is none other than Dodge Connelly, who disguised himself as a Chicago player on the play.
The play is changed from an interception to a touchdown, and the Bulldogs win.
Carter mentions to Dodge that he is finished playing football, based on the threat the commissioner had made.
He intends to tell the newspapers the real story about his "capture" of the German soldiers.
Dodge argues that America "needs" heroes and it is implied the true story will not be told.
Dodge and Carter part on good terms once again.
After the game, Dodge meets up with Lexie and they ride into the sunset on Dodge's motorbike, discussing with humor the possibilities in their future, which include bankruptcy, scandals and jail time.
During the end credits, pictures show Dodge and Lexie getting married, Carter donating $10,000 to the US military and Carter's former manager with new clients Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig.
Harry Bliss (Nicholson) runs a guard dog service and is going through counseling with his wife, Adele (Lauren Tom).
A serial killer is on the loose in Los Angeles, so when the apartment of classical singer Joan Spruance (Barkin) is ransacked and she starts receiving threatening phone messages, Joan moves into the Hollywood Hills home of her sister, Andy (D'Angelo).
Joan doesn't feel safe there, either, because she's harassed by Andy's ex-lovers.
She hires a guard dog from Harry's company, and soon Harry is providing more than protection for the beautiful singer.
Harry is a natural-born liar who, because of his profession, feels that he lives by a code of honor — even if he can't quite explain it — as one thing after another spins out of his control.
Joan is soft and vulnerable as she is badgered by her conductor husband, harassed by unknown callers, menaced by men from her sister's past, and "helped" by Harry.
Phoebe (Nadia Litz) is a perky type-A university student who has difficulty relating to her fellow students.
Her only friend is her roommate Robin (Nikki Barnett) who she smothers with advice.
Eventually Robin cracks under the pressure of being Phoebe's only friend and leaves on a plane with a stranger she just met, informing Phoebe that she is too uptight and immature, casually mentioning that she's never even had a boyfriend.
Embarrassed by her own immaturity Phoebe tries to go on a date.
After it goes sour she ends up talking to Frazer, her 14-year-old neighbour who mows her lawn.
As time passes, Phoebe grows close to Frazer as he enjoys listening to her advice and looks up to and respects her while at the same time teaching her to have fun and relax.
However their friendship begins to strain when Robin returns and notices that Phoebe is spending lots of time with Frazer and has crossed getting a boyfriend off her task list.
Meanwhile, Suzanna (Ellen Page), Frazer's neighbour, grows jealous of all the time he spends with Phoebe and tells him that Phoebe will want to have sex with him in an effort to scare him.
Instead Frazer buys condoms and later attempts to kiss Phoebe.
Disturbed, Phoebe brushes him off and pushes him away.
On her way to graduation Frazer approaches Phoebe to talk.
She ends up kissing him in front of Robin and her friends but the two realize the age difference between them is too large for anything romantic to happen.
Instead, they go to Phoebe's graduation ceremony as friends.
When serviceman and author Jim Scott (William Lundigan) returns from Paris to his hometown, New York City, he is flabbergasted to discover that his well-meaning but unrealistic wife Connie (June Haver) has invested his wages in a run-down apartment building.
Despite Connie's hopes that being a landlord will give Jim time to write a novel, Jim realizes that the building will require much work and will barely give them enough income.
Meanwhile, smooth-talking Charley Patterson (Frank Fay), a confidence man who romances and swindles wealthy widows, meets his neighbor in the building, gentle widow Eadie Gaynor (Leatrice Joy), and becomes enamoured of her even though she is poor.
Then, Jim persuades Connie to rent the vacant apartment to his old Army buddy Bobbie.
When Bobbie arrives, Connie is shocked to see that she is a stunning former WAC named Roberta Stevens (Marilyn Monroe).
Later, an inspector from the Department of Housing and Building informs the Scotts that the exposed wiring in their building is a serious code violation, and that if it is not fixed within fifteen days, the building will be condemned.
That night, Charley and Eadie announce their engagement, worrying Connie.
Charley and Eadie leave the next day to be married, after which Jim learns that it will be so expensive to fix the wiring that he must sell the building.
Jim and Connie have received no offers by the time Charley and Eadie return, and Charley lends Jim the $800 needed for the repairs.
Jim still wants to sell, however, as he is convinced that the building will drive them deeper into debt.
Connie and Jim argue about the building and Bobbie, of whom Connie is still jealous, and Jim storms out of their apartment to sleep in a hammock in the back yard.
Jim ends up sleeping in Bobbie's empty apartment, as he knows that she is away on a modeling assignment, but the next morning, Bobbie returns home, and Connie mistakenly assumes that she and Jim have spent the night together.
Connie's anger is deflected by a newspaper story concerning mrs Frazier, a woman she and Jim saw in a nightclub with Charley, who has been cheated by an "elderly Casanova" named Charley Price.
Charley assures them that he truly loves Eadie and has now retired.
Charley decides to leave and send for Eadie later, but the police arrive before he can escape.
As he is being taken away, Charley reassures Eadie that she is the only woman he has ever loved.
Charley, who insists on paying for his crimes by pleading guilty, arranges for Jim to get arrested for receiving the $800 from him, as it was part of the money he took from mrs Frazier.
Jim is infuriated when he is thrown in a cell with Charley, but the older man explains that he needed time to tell Jim his life story so that he can write a book about him.
Jim is released the next day and writes Charley's book, which becomes a best-seller.
After eighteen months, Charley is released from prison and reunites with Eadie.
Later, Jim and Connie, who have beautified the apartment building with Jim's royalties, watch with amusement as Eadie and Charley take their newly born twin daughters for a walk.
Hugh (Macdonald Carey) and Miriam Halsworth (Claudette Colbert) are in the final stages of their divorce procedure.
Miriam wants to separate because he's addicted to gambling - although he often wins.
She's living with her daughter Barbara (Barbara Bates), her son-in-law Jerry Denham (Robert Wagner) and her little grandchild.
Hugh, who's living at the hotel where he works, makes a fuss with the gardener about his rosebushes.
Hugh is also Jerry's boss.
They work in the publicity department for the Miramar Hotel and have to follow Victor Macfarland (Zachary Scott), a self-made millionaire who's trying to get on the financial advisory committee for the President.
Twenty years ago Hugh and Victor were rivals for Miriam's hand.
A blonde fortune hunter, Joyce Mannering (Marilyn Monroe), is trying to attract Victor, but he's only interested in winning back Miriam.
She accepts his marriage proposal, but is disappointed when he postpones the marriage for a hearing on his appointment in Washington.
Just before he steps on the plane he explains to Miriam why he left her twenty years ago (but the audience can't hear what he says because the plane makes too much noise).
Miriam is furious with Hugh but he doesn't know why.
She refuses to let him in, which leads to a comical intermezzo in which Hugh and Jerry are arrested by the police.
They are identified by Miriam and Barbara, and leave the police station.
Back home Miriam explains to Hugh that she was so angry because Victor told her that twenty years ago Hugh won her hand in a game of craps.
Hugh admits this, and still has those two dice with him.
He asks her to throw.
It turns out the dice were loaded; they always throw three and four.
Hugh admits he cheated because the stake was so high.
Miriam is pleased with this explanation and they reconcile.
When elderly mr Bush (Victor Moore) is appointed justice of the peace, he starts marrying couples on Christmas Eve.
However, his appointment isn't valid until the first of January.
Two years later, this issue becomes known when one of the six couples he married files divorce.
To avoid a bigger scandal, the remaining five couples are informed that they are not really married.
The film then shows how the couples react to the news: In the end, all but Couple #4 get remarried.
A sixth segment, starring Hope Emerson and Walter Brennan as an Ozark backwoods unmarried couple, was deleted before the film's release.
A light's life woman (Margarita), a romantic man (Armand) and a father who allows his son to choose his partner freely,.
When two star-crossed lovers, set on eloping, are forced into having a big wedding, the bride develops a plan of her own.
Unfortunately, the groom is not privy to the plan.
Meanwhile, family and friends start to take sides at a reception for a wedding that never took place.
The film follows two teenagers, Luca (Nicolas Vaporidis) and Claudia (Cristiana Capotondi), and their friends as they all prepare for the dreaded maturità (high school graduation) exams during the summer of 1989.
At a party, Luca meets and immediately falls for Claudia.
The film then follows both teenagers and their friends through their various personal experiences and adventures during the summer.
In addition, throughout the film, Luca is desperately trying to get back in favour with his literature teacher (Giorgio Faletti), who will be the teacher sitting in on his oral exams.
The film contains many references to music that was popular in the 1980s, and includes songs of the time period by bands such as Europe, Duran Duran ("Save a Prayer" and "The Wild Boys"), and Cecchetto ("Gioca Jouer").
Two lovers are separated and marry other partners.
After that boyfriend dies, the girlfriend becomes delirious.
Danny Valdessecchi (Chris Pine) is an intelligent, handsome, charming boy who happens to be blind.
Having been blind from birth, he volunteers for a risky experimental visual prosthesis that may restore his sight—having a microchip installed in the visual cortex of his brain that connects to a camera that would give him only, at best, fuzzy black and white images.
During the tests he meets a beautiful Indian nurse, Leeza (Anjali Jay).
Meanwhile, because Danny is a virgin at 22, his brother Larry (Eddie Kaye Thomas), who runs a limousine service, gets him a string of hilariously disastrous blind dates in between rentals.
When Danny finally realizes that he is falling for Leeza, she tells him she cannot see him anymore because she has been promised in an arranged marriage.
Believing that Leeza did not pursue their relationship because of his being blind, Danny becomes depressed and stops taking the necessary tests for his brain surgery.
Danny's family, his eccentric psychotherapist dr Evans (Jane Seymour) and eye doctor dr Perkins (Stephen Tobolowsky) advise him to continue because it is his only chance of seeing, and soon Danny is successfully operated on.
He sees his family's faces for the first time, but not Leeza's, who was away, reluctantly preparing for her marriage.
Soon the experiment proves to be a failure, as the fragile prosthesis in his brain moves, clouding his already weak vision, and Danny goes back to being blind.
Realizing that he really loves Leeza, he bursts into the wedding, professing his love for her and saying "Love is how you speak to me.
Love is how you touch me.
and guide me showing me the way to go.
And when we kiss, when we kiss, it moves me to my soul".
The couple kiss.
At this the marriage is called off and Danny and Leeza start over, learning more about each other's family and culture.
In Paris, Pepé is strolling and causing a disturbance with his fumes.
At one point Penelope Pussycat is walking with a ginger cat and Pepé's stink causes the ginger cat to faint and Penelope to spring in the air, getting her back on a fresh white-painted flagpole before she falls right into Pepé's arms.
As Pepé introduces himself, Penelope scurries away.
Pepé chases Penelope into the Louvre, with the ginger cat following.
Pepé's stench ruins a couple of sculptures (correcting one into the Venus de Milo) as well as thwarting the ginger cat's ambush attempt and he terrifies Penelope in the sculpture galley, even as he paints a picture of her ("Don't move, darling.
I want to remember you just as you are".
), she scurries away again ("Aw, shucks.
You moved.
").
The ginger cat pumps himself with air in an attempt to hold his breath while he confronts Pepé.
Pepé plays along the confrontation as a duel, miming a miss and a defeat.
The ginger cat in the meantime suffocates and puffs out all the air he held in, launching himself into the Hall d'Armour.
Pepé wonders where everyone has gone to and immediately picks up on where Penelope went.
Pepé finds Penelope hiding in the Air Conditioning machine and traps her in it with himself.
Pepé's fumes spread through the Louvre spoiling various works of art, the cartoon ending with the fumes causing the Mona Lisa to talk ("I can tell you chaps one thing.
It's not always easy to hold this smile".
).
Kitty Bellairs (Claudia Dell), a famous flirt of her day, comes to Bath for the season.
Early on in the film she declares that "in spite of her thirty or forty affairs, I've lost not a bit of my virtue".
Her path is strewn with a number of conquests, including an enamored highwayman, a lord and some others who hang on her every word.
A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs.
He trades the loot from the passengers for a kiss from Kitty who feels she should "yield" in order to save the life of Lord Varney (Walter Pidgeon), who has gallantly come to defend her honor.
In spite of this, Lord Varney draws his sword and ends up losing the fight when he loses his sword, upon which the highwayman declares, "Blood is not a pretty sight for tender eyes, Retrieve your sword while I go about my business".
He proceeds to kiss Kitty who declares she considers herself not to have been kissed at all, upon which the highwayman kisses her several times and slips a ring on her finger leaving her enraptured.
Lord Varney, however, is in love with Kitty himself but is extremely bashful and shy.
The film then progresses to the city of Bath, where the inhabitants sing an amusing song about their daily lives, and the proceeds to a dance which Kitty is attending.
She meets Captain O'Hara (Perry Askam) who declares his love for her.
When Lord Varney approaches and asks for his dance from Kitty, Captain O'Hara declares that "it 'was' his dance" and whisks her away.
Lord Varney is approached by his friend who laughs at his shyness.
Nevertheless, Lord Varney declares his love for her and decides to write a love poem to Kitty.
The film then proceeds to the next day and we see Kitty being tended to by her maid while chatting with her hairdresser about her three lovers.
She describes them and asks his opinion on whom she should choose.
The film then proceeds to the house of Lady Julia Standish (June Collyer) on whom Kitty is paying a call.
Lady Julia's husband is neglecting her and Kitty gives her advice on how to make her husband interested once again.
Her husband, Sir Jasper Standish (Ernest Torrence) arrives from a trip to find her dressed elegantly as if expecting a caller.
Meanwhile, Kitty places a love note addressed to her in a conspicuous place with a lock of red hair and leaves the house.
Through a welter of songs into which the principals break at short intervals she at length decides on a lord instead of a highwayman.
Lord Varney, hearing that Kitty was visiting Lady Standish, comes to call on Kitty at Lord Standish's house.
Lord Standish immediately assumes that he is fooling around with his wife and insults him so that he must fight a duel "according to the code" in order to uphold his honor.
The report of the scandal soon flies through the town and we are taken to a bath where everyone is talking about the supposed affair.
Kitty happens to be there and as soon as she hears the story she begins to fear for the life of Lord Varney, whom she now realizes is the one she really loves.
Through a welter of songs into which the principals break at short intervals, as well as outrageous Pre-Code comedy, satire and drama, Kitty and Lord Varney are at length united.
The film contains several examples of Pre-Code humor.
In one scene, an obviously gay hairdresser is talking to Kitty Bellairs about her love affairs.
Kitty asks him which man she should choose and the hairdresser says she should choose the highwayman because he prefers "a manly man".
In another scene, Kitty teaches her friend how to get her husband to pay attention to her.
Her instructions include wearing Parisian negligee and finding another lover.
Alessa Woo (Sook-Yin Lee), an art gallery employee in Toronto, has built an image as a rich heiress, but is in dire financial straits.
She attempts to court rich men to feed her lifestyle, but is prone to changing partners.
One day, talented aboriginal artist Ben Crowchild (Adam Beach) moves into the apartment next door, leading to the two sharing a bathroom.
In order to spurn a persistent suitor, Nathan (Don McKellar), Woo takes hold of Crowchild and kisses him.
The two later become friends with benefits.
Soon, Woo is approached by the idly rich art collector Patrick Aucoin (Joel Keller), who proposes to her; Woo becomes tempted.
However, she has developed feelings for the seemingly unwealthy Crowchild.
Crowchild, who has similar emotions, reveals to her that he was adopted by Aucoin's father and that he himself is rich, but posing as a poor artist to be better received by the community.
Woo and Crowchild become a couple.
In the cold-war era of post-Second World War Britain, the government decides to establish a guided missile base on the Hebridean isle of Todday.
The inhabitants are not happy with this disruption of their way of life, and hamper construction as much as they can.
An RAF officer, sent to negotiate with the people, falls in love with a local girl and realises what the base would mean to the islanders.
When a missile is finally launched, the guidance system fails and the missile returns to the land, rather than out at sea.
As it is technically on privately owned land, the islanders claim it and celebrate their 'victory' by dancing around the site.
The RAF tries unsuccessfully to negotiate, but eventually abandons the base.
But some islanders wished the base to remain, with the attendant economic benefits.
Inspired and led by Father James, they 'discover' a rare seagull that only nests on Todday, in the hope that tourists will come.
Overweight, depressed improv actor James (Garlin) is a Second City cast member in Chicago.
He lives with his mother and cheats on his diet.
He quits his acting job on a sleazy television prank show, his girlfriend, Andrea, breaks up with him, and his agent, Herb, dumps him.
When he visits his friend's daughter's elementary school for Career Day, he rambles about his problems, boring the kids, and embarrassing himself in front of the teacher, Stella (Hunt).
James relaxes in the evenings by lying on the hood of his car parked "in a great spot" beside Wrigley Field, and during the days by walking around the North Side of Chicago with his friend Luca, appreciating the buildings.
While wearing a pirate costume for a hot dog stand, James hears about a Chicago-based remake of Paddy Chayefsky's 1955 Marty, his favorite film, and one that mirrors his adult life.
He knows the director but cannot get an audition.
After walking out on his Compulsive Eaters Anonymous meeting, James goes to an ice cream parlor, where he meets "big-time hottie" Beth (Silverman), who recognizes him from Second City and offers him free ice cream.
She asks him an obscurely lewd question, which she then cheerfully explains.
James, smitten, returns to the shop, where Beth takes him on adventures, including a shopping trip for her to try on underwear.
They meet later after one of his comedy performances.
One thing leads to another, and Beth volunteers to return to James's (and his mother's) apartment, where they have sex.
A day later, Beth succinctly dispatches James when he shows up at her apartment.
Beth explains that she had just never been with a fat guy.
Meanwhile, his role in Marty is given to a clueless young actor, real-life teen idol Aaron Carter.
As the story ends, James moves to his own apartment.
He reconnects with Stella, the elementary school teacher, and continues acting.
The Brothers Bloom, orphaned at a young age, begin performing confidence tricks as young children; Stephen dreams up elaborate scenarios and his younger brother, Bloom, creates trust with the marks.
Stephen creates his first con as a way of encouraging his brother to talk to girls.
Twenty-five years later, the brothers are the world's most successful con men.
They even have a regular accomplice: Bang Bang, a Japanese explosives expert who rarely speaks.
Bloom, however, is dissatisfied with being nothing but an actor in Stephen's schemes.
He quits and moves to Montenegro.
Three months later, Stephen finds Bloom and convinces him to execute one final con.
The brothers will masquerade as antiques dealers and target Penelope Stamp, a rich, socially-isolated heiress who lives alone in a New Jersey mansion.
Bloom and Penelope meet when Bloom purposely runs into Penelope's sports car with his bike.
Penelope reveals that she has been alone for most of her life and has picked up an array of strange hobbies such as juggling and kung fu.
Bloom senses Penelope's craving for adventure and hints that he is sailing to Europe tomorrow.
The next morning, Penelope arrives at the harbor to sail with the brothers to Greece.
On the boat, Melville, a Belgian hired by Stephen, begins the con, telling Penelope that the brothers Bloom are in fact antiques smugglers and he wants their help with a smuggling job in Prague.
Penelope is thrilled with the idea of becoming a smuggler and convinces the brothers to accept the job, unaware that this is part of the con.
Meanwhile, Bloom and Penelope are becoming attracted to one another, but Stephen warns Bloom that the con will fail if he actually falls in love with Penelope.
At the hotel bar in Prague, Bloom is visited by the brothers' former mentor and current enemy, Diamond Dog.
He warns Bloom that Stephen will not be around forever, and tells Bloom he should join him.
Stephen arrives and stabs Diamond Dog in the hand with a broken bottle, telling him to stay away.
In Prague, Melville cons Penelope out of a million dollars and flees, according to plan.
Penelope still wants to go ahead as an antiques smuggler and steal the rare book that Melville told her about.
The brothers tell Bang Bang to set off a small explosive in Prague Castle that will trigger the fire alarm, allowing Penelope to sneak in and steal the book.
Instead, Bang Bang accidentally blows up the entire tower, creating panic in Prague.
Despite this, Penelope enters the museum and steals the book.
She is caught, but somehow convinces the chief of police to let her go.
The team goes to Mexico to complete the con.
Bloom, who has fallen in love with Penelope, reveals to her that they are con men and the whole adventure has been a con.
Stephen has anticipated his brother's change of heart and written it into his plan.
The brothers fight and a gun accidentally discharges, wounding Stephen.
Penelope checks out the wound, realizes that it is fake blood, and leaves with a broken heart.
Bloom punches Stephen and leaves for Montenegro.
Three months later, Penelope finds Bloom, wanting to be with him and to become a con artist.
Unable to deny his love for her but not wanting her to be like him, Bloom meets with Stephen to set up one final con, where they will fake their own deaths.
The team goes to st Petersburg, where they must sell the rare book to Diamond Dog.
They are ambushed by Diamond Dog's gang while heading to the exchange.
Stephen is kidnapped and held for $175 million.
Bloom suspects this is just another one of Stephen's tricks; Penelope, just in case, wires the money from her bank account to the mobsters.
Bang Bang takes this opportunity to quit working for the Brothers Bloom; as soon as she leaves, her car explodes, leaving Penelope and Bloom uncertain whether she was caught in the blast or faked her death.
Bloom goes into an abandoned theater to make the exchange, and finds Stephen tied up and beaten.
Bloom demands that Stephen tell him if this is real or if it is a con.
A hit man tosses Bloom a phone, and Diamond Dog confirms that it is real.
The hit man attacks them, and Stephen takes a bullet for Bloom and collapses on the floor.
Bloom again asks whether this was real, or just the "perfect con".
Stephen gets up and assures Bloom that he is fine.
Stephen tells Bloom to leave st Petersburg with Penelope, and that they will meet again.
Bloom and Penelope drive away.
After several hours, Bloom discovers that Stephen's bloodstain on his shirt has changed in color from red to brown, indicating that it is not fake blood.
Realizing that Stephen has surely died, Bloom breaks down on the side of the road while Penelope tries to comfort him.
As they are leaving, Bloom recalls what Stephen had said earlier, "The perfect con is one where everyone involved gets just the thing they wanted"—and that perhaps his brother really pulled off the perfect con.
Richard Herald (Lauritz Melchior) is a famous opera singer and father to Richard Herald II, who has recently returned from fighting in the war and now prefers to be known as Dick Johnson (Johnnie Johnston).
Dick has been engaged to socialite Frances Allenbury (Mary Stuart) since before he left for the war, but has been expressing some apprehension about marrying her.
mr Herald wants his son to join him at the opera company, but Dick wants to enjoy his life now that he’s out of the army.
Backstage at the theater, he sees a magazine featuring Leonora "Nora" Cambaretti, an aquacade star.
Earlier, as it turns out, after Dick received an injury during the war, he stayed at a hospital where Leonora performed for the patients.
Dick had yet to have his bandages removed from his eyes and head, so he couldn’t see Nora.
Other servicemen described her beauty to him, as her family’s friend, Ferdi Farro (Jimmy Durante), played on the piano.
Thinking he was blind, Nora allowed Dick to touch her face and then kissed him, only to then find out that he was able to see.
Nora is now performing as the star of the Aqua Capers show.
Dick surprises her there, and he reminds her of their previous meeting by giving her a quick kiss, getting his nose twisted as punishment.
Nora knows Dick is there to flirt, but she offers him a job with the show, but Ferdi convinces his friend Xavier Cugat to give Dick a position as a baritone at his nightclub.
After an Aqua Capers performance, Dick and Nora go to dinner.
Ferdi reminds her that she barely knows anything about Dick.
At rehearsal the next day, Nora says before she can fall in love, Dick must pass inspection from her family back on Mackinac Island.
Dick leaves with Nora while Frances's mother, Harriet, meets with Richard and agrees to announce their children's engagement, unbeknownst to Dick.
On the island, Dick meets Nora’s grandmother (May Whitty) and niece, Deborah (Sharon McManus), who warm up to him after he sings Grandmother’s favorite song, "(I’ll be with You) In Apple Blossom Time".
and Nora’s grandmother grants her approval of Dick for Nora.
A bit later, Dick leaves to tell his father about his relationship with Nora and break off the engagement to Frances, which Dick has not told Nora about.
Gordon finds the engagement announcement in the newspaper and shows it to Ferdi.
Ferdi tell Nora about it, and she is heartbroken.
Gordon arranges for her to stay somewhere Dick can't find her.
Six weeks later, mr Herald arrives at an Aqua Capers rehearsal in an attempt to find Nora, but Ferdi will not tell him where she is.
Ferdi goes to Xavier Cugat’s club to see Dick, who accuses Ferdi of being in love with Nora as well.
Meanwhile, summer arrives on Mackinac Island and tourists are flocking there.
Cugat’s band has a contract to perform at the Grand Hotel, and Dick goes with them.
Deborah, knowing that Nora (traveling with Gordon and Ferdi) has arrived by boat, hurries to the hotel and notifies Dick, who loads Deborah onto her bicycle and together they ride to the Cambaretti house to speak with Nora.
This trip, Nora has brought Gordon for her grandmothers' approval.
Dick and Deborah walk in, and Dick tries to explain all that has happened.
Nora remains confused and upset and rejects him, so he leaves.
Nora and Deborah both start to cry and flee upstairs, where Ferd overhears them.
He invites mr Herald to the island, where he apologizes to Grandmother Cambaretti for placing the announcement in the newspaper.
He also recognizes her from her old days as a performer in the circus.
The two decide that their children should be married and come up with a way to push the two together.
While Nora is at the swimming pool of the hotel, teaching Deborah to dive and swim, Dick begins singing "Easy to Love" with Cugat's female vocalist, which makes Deborah jealous.
That night, Nora decides she is going to go after Gordon, but Ferdi convinces her otherwise.
mr Herald takes Grandmother to listen to Dick's performance at the hotel, where he convinces Cugat to fire his son and then begins to sing for the audience.
He stops singing "La donna è mobile" and begins "Easy to Love", during which Dick gets up and sits next to Nora, where they hold hands and snuggle.
Set in London just prior to World War II, the film is about a middle-aged, straitlaced vicar's daughter and governess Guinevere Pettigrew (Frances McDormand), who has been fired from her fourth job.
When employment agency head Miss Holt insists that she will not help her, the destitute Miss Pettigrew leaves the office with an assignment intended for a colleague, unaware that flamboyant American singer-actress Delysia Lafosse (Amy Adams) wants a social secretary rather than a nanny.
Arriving at the luxurious penthouse apartment where Delysia is staying, Miss Pettigrew quickly discovers the younger woman is involved with three men: penniless and devoted pianist Michael Pardue, who has just been released from prison; wealthy and controlling Nick Calderelli, who owns the nightclub where she is performing; and young theatre impresario Phil Goldman, who is in a position to cast her in the lead role in a West End play.
As she tries to help Delysia sort through her various affairs, Miss Pettigrew is swept up into the world of high society.
She is given a makeover by her new employer, and at a fashion show hosted by fashion maven Edythe Dubarry, she meets and feels attracted to lingerie designer Joe Blomfield, who is involved in a tempestuous relationship with Edythe.
In the course of twenty-four hours, Guinevere and Delysia become fast friends and help each other achieve their romantic destinies.
After a series of complications like those in screwball comedies of the 1930s and 1940s, Delysia and Michael sail for New York City aboard the Queen Mary and Miss Pettigrew is found in Victoria Station by Joe, who is convinced that she is the woman for him and has been looking for her all night, and all his life.
They leave the station together, arm in arm.
Wealthy French playboy Toto Duryea (Frank Fay) is irresistible to women, but is in love with none of them.
According to Monsieur Rancour (Armand Kaliz), for Toto, "every woman is like a new dish to be tasted".
When he is finally and instantly smitten with American Diane Churchill (Laura LaPlante), he has great difficulty proving to her and her father (Charles Winninger) that he truly loves her.
Finally, he convinces her that he is sincere; mr Churchill insists that Toto give up his women and carousing and stay away from his daughter for six months to prove he has reformed.
He also asks that Toto get examined by Churchill's doctor.
dr Dumont (Arthur Edmund Carewe) has bad news for Toto: his heart is so weak, even the excitement caused by so much as a woman's kiss would be fatal.
Toto takes to his bed, but three of his girlfriends insist on nursing him: Fifi (Joan Blondell), Florine (Louise Brooks) and Dagmar (Yola d'Avril).
When they all converge on his bedroom and discover each other, they engage in a three-way catfight.
Then an outraged husband (John Murray) shows up to shoot him.
Fortunately, dr Dumont arrives and divulges Toto's condition.
The husband and the three women all leave.
Then Diane shows up.
Before she leaves with her father for America, she insists on spending an hour of passion with him.
Unable to resist, he kisses her.
When he remains alive, he upbraids the newly arrived dr Dumont for his faulty prognosis.
mr Churchill explains that he had Dumont fake his diagnosis; it was all a test of Toto's claim that he loved Diane "more than life itself".
Convinced, he gives Toto permission to marry Diane.
Banker Christopher Price (Dick Foran) from the humdrum town of Keetoosen, Ohio, is happily married to Mary (Claudette Colbert), and the couple are just about to go to New York on their second honeymoon.
However, Chris' old childhood friend Joe Parker (Don Ameche), a known newspaper reporter who has been stationed abroad, sends him a message just before they begin their journey.
Joe arrives in Keetoosen before the couple leaves, and explains that he has lied to his boss about being martied to Mary, to get a longer vacation in the past.
Now, he is to work in New York, and needs to "borrow" Mary to pretend that she is his wife, to save his career.
Mary wants nothing to do with this, but Chris agrees to help out, lending Joe his wife.
Joe and Mary go ahead to New York, but Chris is delayed because the trains are full.
When they arrive to New York, Joe and Mary are taken to a press conference immediately, and their picture end up all over the papers.
It turns out Joe's lies were a tad larger than he first said, since he has faked letters from his loving wife - letters that his boss, Arthur Truesdale Worth (Charles Dingle), has read.
Chris experiences some large bumps on his way to New York, as his boss Arnold (Edward Fielding) sees the pictures of Joe and Mary in the papers, and believes Chris is an adulterer.
Arnold forces Chris to stay on in Keetoosen a few days longer to fend off a scandal.
Another person from Keetoosen recognizes Mary clubbing with Joe in New York.
When Chris eventually makes it to New York the evening after, Worth and other people get suspicious of his interest in "Mrs.
Parker".
Eventually Mary pretends to be in love with Joe, and even tells her friend Suzy (Marlo Dwyer) about this.
On invitation from Worth, she comes out to Long Island to his house, with Joe as company.
Chris finds out where they are and sneaks into the house.
He finds Joe and Mary under a romantic night sky on a balcony, and believes Mary has fallen for the reporter.
The truth is that Mary pretends to be suicidal, threatening to jump off the balcony because Joe doesn't return her feelings for him.
Chris knocks out Joe and takes Mary away in his car.
Joe takes the opportunity to play the devastated husband who has been left by his wife, and gets sympathy from Worth.
Mary is quite happy with Chris' actions and that he finally stood up to his friend.
Julia Scott (Claudette Colbert) is a very efficient secretary at a department store.
She is in love with her boss, Richard Barclay (Melvyn Douglas), who pays no attention to her unless it has to do with business.
Julia goes to lunch with Martha Pryor (Jean Dixon), who tells her she is offered a manager position of a department store in Paris.
She turns it down, because of her love for Richard.
Business forces Julia and Richard to work late at his house.
Julia meets Richard's sister, Gertrude, and his daughter, Annabel, who is a very spoiled, out of control child.
Richard lets Julia take over the house for a couple of hours, in which she "straightens out" the household.
Afterwards, she regrets all that she did at Richard's house.
She turns to Martha, who says she'll take care of everything.
Martha talks to Richard the next day, telling him that Julia is leaving and taking the job in Paris.
Richard is very upset, and wants to know why.
She struggles to come up with excuses, and they take the afternoon off, during which Richard and Julia are married.
When Julia insists on being carried over the thresh-hold of his home.
Gertrude is not happy, and insists the marriage will not last.
The next day, Julia decides to stay home and attend to business there.
The office is a complete disaster that day, in complete chaos.
Meanwhile, Annabel has refused to eat anything while Julia is in the house, but Julia continues to outsmart and "befriends her, along with Rodgers, a prospective business partner.
Gertrude continues to try and ruin the marriage.
While Julia and Rodgers are working, Annabel enters, and they all start singing.
Richard comes home and is very upset with Julia.
He would rather have her helping him get the business deal with Rodgers.
Julia decides to go down to Philadelphia and "get the Rodgers place in order".
But after a while Annabelle wants Julia to come home, so Richard decides to go down to Philadelphia and bring his wife back.
The night before he arrives, Julia and Rodgers drink heavily and spend the night in the store front window singing.
Richard sees photos of the incident in the newspaper, and storms out of Julia's hotel room after she insists he cares more about the store than about her.
Julia feels the marriage is over, and makes plans for a cruise to Cuba and Panama with Rodgers.
As she stops by home to pick up her things, Annabel begs her to stay.
Richard, usually a teetotaller, has been getting drunk with his butler.
When he finds out Julia is in the house, he confronts her drunkenly, then pretends to have a gun in his pocket and forces her into a car being driven by the intoxicated butler.
The car careens through the city to a brickyard, where Richard picks up bricks, and then returns to the store.
Both he and Julia throw bricks through the store window, laughing.
As the police chase them, they rush to the pier with the goal of departing on the cruise to Cuba together.
Nora Shelley is a tax expert for the accounting company which is led by Paul Martin.
She thinks she can find a suitable husband by inspecting their clients' tax documents.
Martin finds out and tries to dissuade her from this approach, later enlisting the help of his friend Steve Adams, who tries to woo Shelley.
American pilot Tom Martin (Ray Milland) is a soldier of fortune who went to Spain to fight in the Spanish Civil War.
During the summer of 1939, he is languishing in a prison cell while awaiting execution.
Unexpectedly granted a pardon on the morning that he is to face a firing squad, Tom's release has been managed by reporter Augusta "Gusto" Nash (Claudette Colbert), who posed as his wife.
When the prison governor learns of the deception, the pair has to run for their lives.
Ending up in Paris, Tom tries, without success, to woo Gusto.
When she is sent to Berlin as a correspondent, Tom pursues her with both of them again on the run as Hitler invades Poland.
Booking passage on the ill-fated , the ship is torpedoed by a German submarine.
After their rescue, Tom joins the RAF while Gusto remains in France as a war correspondent.
At the fall of Paris, Tom is reunited with Gusto, and both decide to return home to convince Americans that a real danger awaits.
Helen Steele (Claudette Colbert) is bored to death of her empty socialite lifestyle.
She decides to become an actress, but cannot get in to see producer Sydney Parker (Robert Strange).
Fortunately, she learns that Parker will be at a party at the home of her friend Alice Connell.
She wants the lead in Parker's new play, The Siren.
He feels that she is too nice a girl to convincingly play the part, so she bets him that, in exchange for an audition, she will be able to make Parker's friend, mining engineer Jack Craigen (Edmund Lowe), fall in love with her within three days.
She records Jack's proposal of marriage on a phonograph record to provide proof, but then has second thoughts about what she has done.
Before she can explain the situation to Jack, he is publicly humiliated when he and all of the other guests inadvertently hear the recording.
As Jack storms out, he is introduced to Tracy, Helen's fiance.
Helen breaks off her engagement and rushes to Jack's room to try to explain.
Jack kidnaps her and steals another guest's autogyro to carry her off to his home.
When she tries to escape, he chains her up.
While he is out getting some water to make coffee, she spots another man.
He sneaks in, but then reveals that he is an escapee from a nearby mental asylum and thinks he is "Boney".
She screams for help when he grabs a sword.
Jack plays along and manages to trick the lunatic into entering a room, which Jack then locks.
After Jack receives a call informing him that Tracy is on his way there, armed with a gun, he decides to let Helen go, but then they argue.
During the ensuing struggle, she hits him on the head with a hammer, knocking him out, and runs away into the snow-filled woods.
She manages to reach a forest ranger.
Meanwhile, Boney gets out and locks Jack up.
Reporter Fitzpatrick shows up and, mistaking the madman for Jack, warns him that Tracy is coming.
Then two asylum guards show up to collect Boney, but he manages to get away.
Eventually, everything gets straightened out, and the couple reconcile.
After the bankruptcy of her father's business, the penniless socialite Jeannette Desmereau (Colbert) works with magazine editor Cyrus Anderson (MacMurray) and publisher Jack Bristow (Young).
They discuss love and wedding plans.
However, when Bristow would seem to marry her, Anderson prepares a plan to take her back.
This is a romantic comedy with money, bad tempers and love in the balance.
When a young pilot, Daniel Bellamy, is presumed dead after crashbombing an enemy aircraft carrier, the footage of the crash and his presumably final reminiscence of walking in the park with 'Piggy' and kissing her on the nose is sent back home.
A typographical error in transcribing his words becomes a tribute to heroism, while a girl who worked in his office, Peggy, is thought to be the object of his secret love.
However, Dan returns home and in order to save embarrassment for both the girl and himself, he tries to keep up the pretense.
Dan reveals that he was not speaking of a girl, but in fact he meant his dog.
A series of comical mishaps ensue, leading to resolution of the misunderstanding.
The resolution, however, is long coming.
Jealousy comes between a young couple of newspaper people when the wife earns more money and becomes more famous than her husband.
Especially his alcohol addiction becomes the dividing element, whereas the young Puff Randolph girl chasing him, and her editor falling in love with her are merely elements that challenge their love.
High school student Starla Grady is the popular head cheerleader and pageant queen of the small town of Splendora, Texas.
She hosts a French foreign exchange student, an orphan named Genevieve Le Plouff.
After winning the affections of Starla's parents, friends, and boyfriend, Genevieve soon begins to take over Starla's life.
When Starla is forced to quit the cheerleading squad after getting some bad grades in French, Genevieve moves in to take her place, and then the roles are reversed.
Soon, Genevieve is the popular head cheerleader, and Starla is the unpopular student.
Soon Genevieve takes Starla's place in the News Anchor Competition, and, framed by Genevieve, Starla is arrested for possessing a knife and getting high on mushrooms.
But then Starla learns that Genevieve was, in fact, a former elementary school classmate, whom Starla had embarrassed so much that she felt compelled to move to France and has come back in disguise to get revenge on Starla.
With her charade exposed, Genevieve leaves town in disgrace and Starla reclaims her status in school and town although she never achieved her ambition of becoming a reporter nor getting a college scholarship, she now feels that she's a changed woman.
However, the final scene shows Genevieve, now demonstrating her true Texan origins, stealing Starla's ID card/drivers license and returning to France and she is welcomed to her new adoptive French family upon her arrival in Paris, play acting as Starla.
and strongly implying that she'll start the process of building a new life for herself by trickery, deception, and manipulation all over again.
Sydney White (Amanda Bynes) is the daughter of a plumber, Paul White (John Schneider).
Her mother, a Kappa Sorority member, died when Sydney was still young.
She sets off to attend college at SAU and pledge to her mother's once dignified sorority.
There she meets Demetria Rosemead Hotchkiss (Crystal Hunt), known as Dinky, also an upcoming member of the Kappa Sorority, and the two quickly become friends.
While on their way to their dorm, she meets Tyler Prince (Matt Long), the president of a popular fraternity, who is also the on-off boyfriend of the extremely tyrannical, manipulative, and most hated president of the student council and the head of the Kappa Sorority, Rachel Witchburn (Sara Paxton).
Rachel checks out her university's website that ranks the "hottest" in the school several times a day, and is always number one on the list.
Tyler meets Sydney and is immediately smitten, while Rachel watches from her window, with an immediate dislike towards Sydney.
When she first meets Sydney she believes that she's not "Kappa material" and doesn't care that she's a legacy.
Since Sydney and Dinky's mothers were Kappas, they survived the rush and were accepted as legacies.
However, they need to survive the pledging.
Sydney's tomboyish upbringing proves to be an asset as she stands out among the other girls and manages to overcome the difficult initiation tasks.
She also unintentionally inspires the other girls to innocently defy shallow things that Rachel teaches them.
This unique personality gradually propels Sydney's popularity as seen on the university website.
Rachel gets extremely jealous of her because of this.
As one of the Kappa Sorority's traditional rituals, the freshmen need to find a date late at midnight.
Sydney finds Lenny (Jack Carpenter), one of the seven dorks who live in a run-down house known as the Vortex.
Sydney is then picked by Rachel to ditch her date, which ended in Lenny paying.
Sydney fails to become a member of Kappa when Rachel humiliates her in the pledge gala and lies that she has disobeyed the rules: lying about her background and cheating on a Kappa quiz.
Sydney leaves that night in the rain, unintentionally sitting in front of the Vortex.
She is welcomed by the seven dorks: Lenny, the one with high maintenance health; Terrence (Jeremy Howard), a genius and post-grad, despite the fact that he still attends classes; Jeremy (Adam Hendershott), who is very shy and only uses his puppet to talk; Gurkin (Danny Strong), a hot-tempered blogger; Spanky (Samm Levine), who has no experience with girls; George (Arnie Pantoja), the childlike freshman who still believes in Santa Claus and doesn't know how to tie a knot; and Embelakbo Akapaktumbe– also known as "Embele"– (Donté Bonner), a Nigerian interchange student who is highly intelligent but has Jet lag.
The Vortex is coincidentally the target of Rachel's plan to open a luxury center that will benefit only the top Greek sororities and fraternities.
She plans to subject it to a planned demolition, which is something Tyler is opposed to after he gets to know Sydney and her housemates better.
Sydney, together with the seven dorks, tries to bring Rachel down from her student council position by running Terrence for president.
He is soon disqualified because he had already graduated six years prior, as revealed when Rachel humiliated the group at a party.
Sydney replaces him as a presidential candidate and starts her campaign.
Unlike Rachel's views that promote elitism and exclusivism based solely on popularity and appearances, something that everyone on campus dislikes about her, Sydney and the dorks believe in accepting diversity and equality.
This earns Sydney respect from different cliques, and she gets the number one rank on the school's "hottest" website, which infuriates Rachel more than ever.
The day before the debate and election, Rachel hires a hacker to destroy Sydney's files using a virus called 'The Poison Apple.
' Sydney is then forced to stay up all night in the library doing her work on Gurkin's laptop.
When Sydney finishes her work, she accidentally falls asleep and is almost disqualified for not showing up, but Tyler wakes her with a kiss just in time.
After Rachel answers the question posed by Professor Carleton (Brian Patrick Clarke), Sydney's supporters arrive, led by a goth girl (Kierstin Koppel) whose group is devoted to Gurkin's blog and becomes his girlfriend.
Sydney's speech defends the underrated people, including dorks, and concludes by stating that she herself is a dork.
This incites a number of students to also admit dork status including Tyler, Jeremy, Spanky and Dinky.
Sydney wins the debate and the election, becoming the new president, while Rachel is stripped of her Kappa sisterhood by her sisters because of the years of cruelty she has treated.
The film ends with Sydney's father and other construction workers fixing the Vortex.
New relationships have formed as well -- Dinky and Lenny are now a couple (who bonded because of their sensitive digestive system), Spanky is finally getting some girls, the Goth girl and Gurkin are dating, and Sydney and Tyler are together.
George has learned how to tie a knot, Jeremy is finally coming out of his shell, and Terrence has become a millionaire because of his theory (He sold his theory {the predictive analytic probability theory that he finally perfected and can predict anything from the behavior of amino acids in a stable isotope peptide bond to the outcome of sporting events} to ibetcom for $10 million).
And, according to Sydney's narration, they all lived "dorkily ever after".
Abby (Brittany Murphy) is an American girl who goes to Tokyo to be with her boyfriend, Ethan (Gabriel Mann).
Ethan tells her that he has to go to Osaka on a business trip and may not be back for a while.
Abby asks to go with him but Ethan refuses and breaks up with her.
Abby goes to a ramen shop afterward, and the chef Maezumi (Toshiyuki Nishida) and his wife Reiko (Kimiko Yo) tell her that they are closed.
Abby does not understand them as she does not speak Japanese.
She starts to cry, so the chef conveys to her to sit down.
He brings her a bowl of ramen, and she loves it.
A small distance away, she hallucinates that the lucky cat, known as the Maneki Neko, or Beckoning Cat, gestures to her to come over.
She offers to pay for her meal, but the chef and his wife refuse.
The next day she comes back and sits down at the counter.
He gives her another bowl of ramen and she eats.
As she eats, she breaks into uncontrollable giggles, as does another patron.
The following day she returns, but is told they are out of ramen.
Seeing the wife's swollen ankles, she insists on helping instead.
After the night is through, she is passed out asleep in the back.
They shoo her out, but as she is walking away she realizes she wants to cook ramen.
Rushing back into the store, she begs him to teach her how to cook ramen.
He argues, but finally gives in and tells her to come the next day at 5.
She shows up late, in high heels and a dress, and is put to work scrubbing the toilet and cleaning pots and pans.
In the following weeks Maezumi only gives her cleaning work in the hopes that she quits, but she comes back.
After she is given work as a waitress, she wins the hearts of all who come in, including two older women who are regular customers, and a 20-ish male laborer regular who develops a crush on her.
On a rare night off, she heads to a night club with a British man named Charlie and an American woman named Gretchen whom she met earlier.
The three meet Toshi Iwamoto (Sohee Park) and his friends.
Abby and Toshi fall in love.
But soon, Toshi has to go to Shanghai, China for three years.
He asks Abby to come with him, but she declines, saying she can't.
They share their last kiss.
Abby learns during the Christmas week of someone named Shintaro.
She sees Maezumi crying over a collection of letters and photos from Paris.
His wife then tells Abby that Maezumi and Shintaro, their son, have not spoken in 5 years since Shintaro left for France.
Abby soon learns how to make ramen, but Maezumi insists that it has no soul.
Maezumi's mother tastes her ramen and tells her, in Japanese, that she is cooking with her head; when Abby confesses that there is only pain in her heart, Maezumi's mother advises that she should put tears in her ramen, as she has no love to share.
Later in the film, she is shown cooking ramen, crying.
The two ladies, the 20-ish male laborer, and another 20-ish male laborer from Okinawa, taste her ramen and almost immediately become melancholic, the pain in Abby's ramen bringing out their own.
Maezumi tastes it, and starts to cry, but goes upstairs to his home.
One day, Maezumi talks with a rival, who brags about his son having a master chef come to taste his ramen while ridiculing Maezumi for trying to train Abby.
Maezumi, drunk, says that her ramen will receive the Master Chef's blessing, or he'll stop making ramen.
The Master arrives, and tastes the young man's ramen, sampling small bits of it, very sparingly.
He gives him his blessing, and goes on to Abby.
Abby has strayed from the safety of conventional ramen, and made hers with peppers, corn and tomato, a concoction she calls "Goddess Ramen".
The Master says Abby's noodles are good, but he cannot give her his blessing, saying that she needs more time and restraint.
Maezumi is sad to have to stop his business, but talks to Abby.
He tells her about his son wanting to learn French cooking, but she does not understand.
He tells her that the ramen shop needs a successor, and that she is the successor of his ramen shop.
She leaves for America soon, but before that, is invited to a celebration.
Maezumi gives her the lantern that had hung outside his ramen shop for 45 years, and she takes it to America with her, where it is shown a year later outside her shop in New York City, appropriately named The Ramen Girl.
The shop hangs a photo of Maezumi and his wife with their son happily in Paris.
Then, an employee of hers tells her about a man wanting to see her.
It is Toshi.
He says he hated his job and that he decided to do what she would do: quit his job and go back to what he loved – writing music.
She welcomes him to her ramen shop and they kiss.
Against the advice of his best friend Ted (Michael Weston), Anderson (Jason Biggs) publicly proposes to his girlfriend Vanessa (Audra Blaser), while dressed in a cupid costume.
The shock of the unexpected proposal leads to her instantaneous death.
Utterly devastated and distraught, Anderson quits his job and goes into mourning.
A year later, Anderson is still obsessed with his perfect (and dead) former girlfriend.
While Ted and Anderson are lunching together in a diner, to help him move on, Ted persuades Anderson to give romance one more try.
To placate his friend, Anderson agrees, looks around, and asks attractive waitress Katie (Isla Fisher) to marry him.
To both men's utter astonishment, she accepts Anderson's proposal.
Anderson and Katie then decide to take things slow, the same day she moves into Anderson's apartment.
Meanwhile, Anderson is feeling guilty as when he is accidentally knocked unconscious he talks to his former girlfriend, the late Vanessa, promising to be ever faithful.
However he goes ahead with plans to meet Katie's parents, and brings Katie to meet his parents.
The pair soon begin to get on well with each other.
Katie's father, Smitty, breaks out of jail to walk her down the aisle.
He arrives at his ex-wife (Katie's mother)'s house and through their long lost passion for one another, their love sparks again, much to Stuart's (Lois's current husband) discomfort.
After a falling out over Anderson's late girlfriend, Anderson and Katie's relationship looks to be over.
This pivotal moment in the film leads to the pair finally declaring their fondness of one another.
The couple suddenly run off to Atlantic City, with help from Ted.
Anderson, Katie, Ted and the rest of the party drive to Atlantic City in a car from the car dealership where Ted works (under the pretense of test driving the vehicle).
Katie's ex-boyfriend, William, tries to persuade Katie that they should be together.
He proceeds to assault Anderson on the way to their wedding.
Ted's boss reports the car stolen, and in an unfortunate event, they crash into a police car, resulting in their arrest.
Meanwhile, Katie's parents know where they're headed and make their way there, stopping to rob the Tuxedo Depot in preparation for the wedding.
Katie's parents are then arrested for robbing the store.
They all end up in the same police station, and Anderson's parents also turn up after he calls them.
In a lucky turn of events the group is able to escape from the station after stealing an officer's gun and locking them in a cell.
At this point Anderson and Katie establish for the final time that they want to get married, and for the first time the whole group is in favor.
Now in a police van, which the policemen let them use, they drive to Atlantic City and Anderson and Katie finally get married.
However, as soon as they step outside they are all arrested.
Anderson and Katie spend their honeymoon in jail and bribe a judge with a blender they received as a wedding present.
Sadie Jones (Mandy Moore) has always longed to marry the man of her dreams in her family church.
Though she has found her lifetime companion in Ben Murphy (John Krasinski), Sadie is distressed to learn that st Augustine's has only one wedding slot available over the next two years, though after re-checking their planning book, they find that the wedding can be held in three weeks.
While Sadie and Ben do qualify for the slot, the church's eccentric minister, Reverend Frank (Robin Williams), will not wed the couple until they agree to attend his prenuptial course (shortened, due to the new date, from three months to three weeks).
As their wedding date draws near, Sadie and Ben must now follow all of Reverend Frank's rules, attend his unusual classes, and complete a series of homework assignments designed specifically to irritate one another — in order to get past puppy love and ensure that their union will have a sound foundation.
In one part of the course, the couple has to care for twin "creepy robot" babies.
They get on Ben's last nerve and he destroys one, to the horror of bystanders in a department store.
To Ben's dismay, one of Frank's rules is no pre-marital sex.
On behalf of Frank, his young assistant (Josh Flitter) breaks into the couple's house and bugs it.
Thus, Frank and his assistant can listen to all conversations, though Frank does not let his assistant listen to the adult parts.
Ben discovers the microphone/transmitter but does not tell Sadie, for fear she will accuse him of lying and planting the bug himself.
Problems gradually begin to develop between the couple due to the course.
Ben begins an investigation into Frank, and eventually discovers that he was once married to a Maria Gonzalez.
Shortly before the wedding, Sadie becomes reluctant to have the wedding, among other things because Ben has not prepared marriage vows as Frank instructed them to do, but instead drew a flip cartoon of a truck.
Ben then confronts Frank over Maria Gonzalez, believing him to be a hypocrite.
Frank reveals that the marriage was done to allow Maria, then an immigrant, and a member of Frank's congregation, to stay in theS.
Upset that Ben would waste his time on a "stupid investigation", Sadie calls off the wedding.
On Frank's advice, Sadie goes on vacation to Jamaica, their slated honeymoon destination.
Ben seeks advice from his friend Joel, who advises him to give up on Sadie, saying that there are other women like her out there.
Ben however disagrees with this, and decides to go to Jamaica.
Frank and his assistant travel there too.
He attempts to call Sadie, but she refuses to listen.
Her parents assure her that all marriages have problems, and her friend Carlisle tells her that Ben may just want someone who relies on him, allowing her to forgive Ben more easily.
Ben writes his vows on the sands of the beach to impress Sadie and they reconcile, and Frank marries them there.
Hugo Dugay (Alyssa Milano) runs a small company, Hugo Pool, that cleans swimming pools in Los Angeles.
The film covers one day in her life, during which she must clean many pools in the midst of a drought that interferes with her usual water supply.
In addition to dealing with several eccentric customers, including mobster Chick Chicalini (Richard Lewis) and filmmaker Franz Mazur (Robert Downey Jr), Hugo must care for her needy parents Minerva (Cathy Moriarty) and Henry (Malcolm McDowell).
Also, Hugo may be falling in love with Floyd Gaylen (Patrick Dempsey), a customer of hers who has ALS.
The film is about a pair of American authors who promise to find love for three single Londoners in just three days, as a publicity stunt for the UK launch of their book 'Are You Ready for Love.
How to Find Love in Three Days'.
The fictitious authors Randy Bush (Michael Brandon) and Candy Connor (Leigh Zimmerman) offer "a fail-safe guide to instant romance" to their dating victims, Melanie (Lucy Punch), Barry (Andy Nyman), and Luke (Ed Byrne).
When Candy and Randy, celebrated Californian self-help gurus, come to London to launch their bestselling book ‘Are You Ready For Love.
How To Find Love in Three Days’, they choose three single Brits for a publicity stunt to prove that their advice works.
Luke, Barry and Melanie are the three unlucky-in-love hopefuls who pay good money to take part in Candy and Randy’s promotional promise.
Luke, a self-confessed ‘Monster Lover’, is a 38-year-old ageing pop star who relies on his status as a one hit wonder to attract one night stands.
He is in desperate need of help to find a real relationship.
Barry, a 35-year-old Jewish dentist is a perfectionist with high expectations for his perfect partner.
He turns to Candy and Randy in a last attempt to avoid his domineering mother’s match-making scheme.
Melanie, a 32-year-old photographer, is a hopeless romantic looking for ‘The One’.
Always seeming to find the wrong one, she believes that Candy and Randy will help her to find true love.
These three single Brits have 72 hours to find love by following the advice given to them by the love gurus and their new book.
Throughout this three-day period, their every move is filmed by roving cameras who are documenting their success for a promotional TV programme to be shown at a press conference after the three days are up.
Sixteen-year-old homeschooled Cady Heron and her zoologist parents return to the United States after a 12-year research trip in Africa, settling down in Evanston, Illinois.
Attending a public school for the first time, Cady meets new classmates Janis Ian and Damian Leigh.
The two educate Cady on the school's various cliques and warn her to avoid the most popular and infamous one, the "Plastics", who are led by queen bee Regina George and include rich but insecure Gretchen Wieners and sweet airhead Karen Smith.
The Plastics take an interest in Cady, and invite her to sit with them at lunch.
Seeing that Cady is getting along with the Plastics, Janis hatches a plan of revenge against Regina for some past slight, using Cady as the infiltrator.
Cady soon learns about Regina's "Burn Book", a journal filled with rumors, secrets, and gossip about the other girls and some teachers at school.
Despite this discovery, Cady decides to forgo Janis's scheme for ethical reasons.
Meanwhile, Cady begins to have a crush on Regina's ex-boyfriend, Aaron Samuels, whom a jealous Regina proceeds to steal back at a Halloween party in front of Cady.
This spurs Cady to fully commit to Janis's plan to cut off Regina's "resources", which involve breaking Regina and Aaron up, tricking her into eating nutrition bars that actually make her gain weight, and turning Regina's fellow Plastics against her.
In the process, Cady unwittingly remakes herself in Regina's image, becoming spiteful and superficial, and abandons Janis and Damian.
When Regina is finally made aware of Cady's treachery, she retaliates by spreading the contents of her Burn Book all over the school, quickly inciting a riot.
To avoid suspicion, Regina inserts a fake libel of herself in the book in order to blame Cady, Gretchen, and Karen, the only female students not mentioned in the book.
Karen convinces Principal Duvall, that they did not spread the Book.
Duvall soon quells the riot, and gathers all the girls in the school in the gymnasium.
Math teacher ms Norbury, whom the Burn Book defamed as a drug dealer, makes the girls face the terrible way they all treat each other, confess their transgressions, and apologize to each other and the teachers.
When Janis's turn comes, she defies Norbury and confesses her plan to destroy Regina with Cady's help, and openly mocks Regina with the support of the entire school.
Pursued by an apologetic Cady, Regina storms out and gets hit by a school bus, breaking her spine.
Without any friends, shunned by Aaron, and despised by the school, Cady takes full blame for the Burn Book and becomes an outcast.
After making amends with Regina, Cady's guilt soon dissolves and she returns to her old personality.
As part of her punishment for lying and failing ms Norbury's class, she joins the Mathletes in the state championship finals, and ends up winning the competition for her team after her opponent answers incorrectly.
At the Spring Fling dance, Regina's new boyfriend, Shane Oman, is elected King, while Cady is elected Queen.
Onstage, Cady declares that all her classmates are wonderful in their own way, breaks her plastic tiara, and distributes the pieces to some other girls.
She then makes amends with Janis and Damian, reconciles with Aaron, and reaches a truce with the Plastics.
By the start of the new school year, the Plastics have disbanded.
Regina has joined the lacrosse team to deal with her anger, Karen has become the school weather reporter (claiming earlier that her breasts can tell when it is raining), and Gretchen joins the "Cool Asians".
Aaron graduates from high school and attends Northwestern University, Janis begins dating Kevin Gnapoor, whom she initially despised, and Cady declares that she is now normal.
A group of new "Junior Plastics" has arisen, and Cady imagines them being hit by a bus.
David Kennedy is preparing to go to university.
His mother, Francis (Frank) is a widow and has very little social life.
David tells her that she should get out more and much to his surprise, Frank enrolls at the same university.
Frank falls for her poetry tutor, who hates mature students.
David falls for his best friend's girlfriend, who isn't interested in the least.
Socialite Angela Brooks (Kay Johnson) discovers that her husband Bob (Reginald Denny) is cheating on her with Trixie (Lillian Roth), occasioned by the staid coldness Bob finds Angela to have developed after their marriage.
Encouraged by her maid to fight for her happiness, Angela, after a farcical encounter at Trixie's apartment, conceives a plan to win back her husband's affections.
An elaborate masquerade ball is to be held by her husband's best friend Jimmy Wade (Roland Young) in aboard the a moored dirigible named the Zeppelin CB-P-55.
Angela will attend, disguised as a mysterious devil woman—"Madam Satan"—to "vamp" her husband.
Hidden behind her mask and wrapped in an alluring gown that reveals more than it covers, Angela will find her errant husband at the ball and teach him a lesson.
Bob becomes bewitched by Angela in her disguise, nothing like the demure spouse he left at home.
During the ball, several exotic musical numbers are performed.
In the course of the frivolities, a thunderstorm causes the dirigible to break apart and everyone is forced to parachute.
Angela, who by this time has unmasked and made herself known to the still-entranced Bob, gives Trixie her parachute, making her promise to leave Bob alone.
Bob gives Angela his parachute, and she descends safely into—the back seat of a car in which a couple are necking.
Bob rides a piece of the broken dirigible down, diving off before impact into "the city reservoir".
Jimmy ends up in a tree in the middle of the lion enclosure at the zoo, while Trixie breaks through the roof of a turkish bath full of toweled men who scramble to cover themselves.
The next day, Angela, who is unharmed, and Bob, who has his arm in a sling, reconcile after a visit from a heavily bandaged Jimmy.
Lucy is a journalist who is dumped by her "perfect" boyfriend and then goes on a series of dates with five different men—Doug, an entomologist; Gabriel, a playwright; Bobby, a baseball player; Barry, a computer store owner; and Luke, a doctor.
She acts differently around each of the men—she is drunk on her date with Doug; she uncharacteristically jumps into bed with Gabriel; she is, at first, irritated with but then moved by ex-baseball star Bobby; her date with Barry gets off to a rough start, but then while on their date, they run into her parents and end up having dinner with them; and her date with Luke is sidetracked when they see a colleague of Luke's who is with his daughter, Eve, who appears to have her own eye on Luke.
She doesn't connect with Doug, but she does get him to come out of his shell by the end of the date.
She takes Bobby to several places that put him completely out of his element and then he takes her to a baseball card show where she discovers a different side of him.
Her date with Gabriel essentially becomes a one night stand when she realizes he isn't what she wants in life.
She becomes serious with Luke, but an incident at a restaurant in which he is rude to one of the waiters makes her realize he isn't the one she wants, either.
Barry surprises her several times throughout the movie with touching and thoughtful gestures, which of course win her over in the end.
During the Korean War, Italian nurse Lieutenant Julietta Perodi (Virna Lisi), who has a passion of everything in "twos", falls in love with two United States Air Force pilots, Col.
Tom Ferris (Tony Curtis) and Col.
"Tank" Martin (George Scott).
"Julie" marries Ferris after he convinces her that his friend, "Tank" has been killed in an aircraft crash.
She soon discovers that Martin is alive, but remains happily married to Ferris until, Martin, her former love, re-enters their lives 14 years later.
London-based Ferris, now a military attache assigned to looking after military "brass", especially General Parker (Carroll O'Connor) has been neglectful of his wife.
When Martin uses his influence to have Ferris shipped to Labrador for an Arctic survival course, she is prepared to seek a divorce.
In the guise of an Arab potentate, Ferris, steals aIP jet and wings it to Rome to reconcile with his wife.
Martin really wants to keep his single lifestyle, and can't see himself as the "marrying kind".
Two years later, with their marriage on firmer grounds, the Ferris family has twin boys while Ferris continues making life easy for militaryIP.
's, including the newly appointed Brig.
Gen.
Tank Martin, who is now flying with the United States Air Force Thunderbirds air demonstration team.
Vicky (Rebecca Hall) and Cristina (Scarlett Johansson) visit Barcelona for the summer, staying with Vicky's distant relative Judy (Patricia Clarkson) and her husband Mark (Kevin Dunn).
While the two are great friends, Vicky is practical and traditional in her approach to love and commitment and is engaged to the reliable Doug (Chris Messina), whereas Cristina imagines herself to be a nonconformist, spontaneous but unsure of what she wants from life or love.
At an art exhibition, Cristina is intrigued by artist Juan Antonio (Javier Bardem), who Judy says has suffered a violent relationship with his ex-wife.
Later, he brazenly approaches the two women to invite them to join him right away for the weekend in the city of Oviedo, in a small plane he flies himself, for sight-seeing, fine eating and drinking, and hopefully, love-making.
Cristina is won over by the offer almost at once, but Vicky is unimpressed and reluctant; she however eventually decides to accompany her friend anyway, mainly to watch over her.
At the end of their first day, Vicky refuses to join Juan Antonio in his hotel room, citing her fidelity to Doug, but Cristina accepts his invitation immediately.
Before the love-making starts, Cristina suddenly falls ill with digestive complaints, and is put to bed, with food poisoning.
Vicky and Juan Antonio proceed to spend the weekend together alone while they wait for Cristina to recuperate.
Vicky gradually changes her opinion of Juan Antonio as he tells her about his tumultuous relationship with his former wife, María Elena (Penélope Cruz).
Vicky accompanies him to visit his father, an old poet, and then becomes deeply moved by a Spanish guitar performance later that evening.
She finally succumbs to Juan Antonio's advances as they walk through a grove of trees in the dark.
The next day, with Cristina recovered, the three of them fly back to Barcelona.
Feeling guilty, Vicky does not mention the incident to Cristina, and the two begin to grow apart.
Vicky starts throwing herself into her studies while Cristina and Juan Antonio take up a relationship.
Cristina then moves in with Juan Antonio and begins to discover more about his past.
After learning that María Elena attempted to kill herself, Juan Antonio brings her to his home, where Cristina already lives.
After some defiance, the two women grow fond of each other.
Cristina realizes that the ex-spouses are still in love, and María Elena suggests that Cristina may be the element that can give balance and stability to their relationship.
All three become romantically involved with one another.
In the meantime, Vicky is joined in Spain by an enthusiastic Doug and the two get married.
When Cristina describes her new life with Juan Antonio to Vicky, Vicky becomes secretly jealous, and after a few other awkward moments, she realizes she is unsatisfied in her married life and is still attracted to Juan Antonio.
Learning that Judy is similarly unhappy in her marriage, she confides to her, and Judy, who sees her younger self in Vicky, decides to bring Juan Antonio and Vicky together.
Meanwhile, Cristina becomes restless and at some point decides to leave Juan Antonio and María Elena; without her, their relationship quickly falls apart again.
As the summer winds to a close, Judy arranges for Juan Antonio and Vicky to meet at a party.
Juan Antonio begs Vicky to meet him again privately before leaving Spain, which she finally accepts, lying to Doug in the process.
At his home, Juan Antonio seduces and wins Vicky over again, but they are interrupted by María Elena who bursts in with a gun, firing wildly as Juan Antonio tries to calm her.
Vicky gets shot in the hand in the process, and leaves, shouting they are insane and she could never live like this.
She confesses the entire story to Cristina, who never realized how Vicky felt about Juan Antonio, and wishes she could have helped her.
Doug, Vicky and Cristina return to America; Doug never learns what truly happened, Vicky goes back to her married life, and Cristina is back where she started, but unsure of what she wants from life or love.
Three days before his wedding, George meets two intriguing people: Alicia (Verbeke), a Spanish woman who invites him to a party that night, and Gerard (Girardot), an unlucky-in-love Frenchman who has just been turned down for a marriage proposal.
To cheer him up, George takes him to Alicia's party.
There, George finds himself attracted to Alicia, but she is already dating a British professor, Nathan.
A drunk Gerard goes to the roof and attempts suicide, but George talks him out of it by telling him to "jump tomorrow".
Out of gratitude, Gerard offers to drive George to his wedding.
On the road, George buys an audiocassette to learn Spanish and secretly fantasizes about Alicia.
The movie spoofs Spanish soap operas in fantasy sequences where George imagines himself and Alicia as characters on the show.
The compassionate Gerard figures out that George is not in love with his fiancée, a childhood friend whom his family has always expected him to marry.
George is a passive individual who does not seem troubled by the idea of marrying someone he does not love.
George spots Alicia and her boyfriend at a gas station, and Gerard talks George into following them.
They all end up at a hotel with a love motif and a variety of strange furniture, including a bathtub in the form of a giant champagne glass.
Gerard advises George to gain Alicia's attention by making her jealous.
A reluctant George ends up inviting to his room a saleswoman who calls herself "Heather Leather".
But he doesn't know that she's allergic to cologne, and disaster ensues.
He never crosses paths with Alicia, whose boyfriend gives her an engagement ring made of bone.
The next day, George wants to resume his journey alone.
But Gerard gives a heartfelt speech about love, and he convinces George to stick with him.
Alicia and her fiancé hitch a ride with George and Gerard, thinking their sudden appearance a coincidence.
Alicia's fiancé Nathan practices t'ai chi in the rain and argues with Gerard about whether the French language is obsolete.
Meanwhile, Alicia and George find themselves falling for each other.
When they arrive at the home of Alicia's family, who are meeting Alicia's fiancé for the first time, George wants to leave.
But Gerard convinces him to stick around for the night, telling him to "jump tomorrow".
Alicia's fiancé ends up in bed the whole time after Alicia's uncle, a deaf-mute, offers him a spicy dish his stomach can't handle.
The uncle takes a liking to George and teaches him a Spanish dance.
Gerard finds himself attracted to Alicia's mother, a widow.
They all enjoy the party that night, and George gets a chance to make his move, but he is too shy to proceed.
Gerard spends the night with Alicia's mother, but in the morning she rebuffs him for moving too fast with their relationship.
Gerard and George leave for the wedding.
After dropping off George, Gerard heads towards Niagara Falls, where he again considers suicide until a boy standing there tells him that he gets his best ideas when he is by himself.
At the ceremony, George declares "I am Jorge" (the Spanish form of George) and calls the wedding off.
He and his fiancée Sophie agree that their intended marriage was for convenience and not an ideal match.
Gerard and George catch up to Alicia and her fiancé at the border of Canada, and George finally expresses his love for her.
When chorus girl Janet Jones is late for rehearsal in Edinburgh, Bates, the chauffeur for Bruno, gives her a ride in Bruno's limousine, starting rumours that she is engaged to the wealthiest man in Scotland.
American producer Jack Frost, her employer, has just had the star of his next show, Frolics to You, walk out on him because of his desperate financial situation.
He replaces her with Janet, hoping that Bruno will back his revue (or at least that he can use Bruno's reputation to fend off impatient creditors).
Her dressmaker, Madame Amanda, gives her more clothes (and sends the bill to Bruno).
Janet's roommate, Mae Thompson, convinces her to continue the deception.
When Bruno receives the bill, he goes to the theatre to investigate.
Janet mistakes him for reporter Paul Tracy, who was supposed to interview her.
Finding Janet very attractive, Bruno does not correct her error.
The two fall in love.
Bruno amuses himself by continually asking Janet about her relationship with the millionaire.
Finally, Bruno gives Frost a check for £10,000.
When Janet finds out, however, she confesses everything.
On the opening night of Frolics to You, Bruno takes a box seat.
Frost summons the police to have him arrested.
Janet tries to make "Paul Tracy" hide or leave, in between performing on stage.
During these hectic proceedings, Janet blurts out that she loves him.
The police catch Bruno, but the inspector in charge recognizes him, much to Janet and Frost's shock, and all ends well.
Fitz Wynn, a truly talented but overly-satisfied stage actor, wants to star in a new movie written by his wife, Lily.
She does not feel her Fitz is right for the part, and explains to him why and what she is looking for in the role.
Fitz proceeds to orchestrate his own transformation into Roberto Terranova, a blonde Italian who seems to be exactly what Lily wants.
Ben Lewis (Timothy Dowling), groomed to be a doctor from childhood, spends his days inspecting the most intimate part of the female anatomy, but for some reason has no idea how to deal with women on any sort of social level.
He's even gone so far as to join a support group for virginal men, but this type of reinforcement still can't make him a hit with the ladies.
When he seeks the help of a sex guru named Pheb (Josh Holloway), who actually teaches a private class to help socially inept men learn how to please the opposite sex, Ben's luck changes drastically.
He begins to take advantage of his patients (with their consent) and quickly sheds the derisive slang labels of "lork" and "sooser".
For all of his newly learned sexual prowess, Ben is still a good person at heart, and when he's given a resident assistant named Becky (Jennifer Jostyn), the young man realizes that true love is more important than a string of sexual conquests.
Chevalier plays a Parisian playboy who finds himself obliged to care for an abandoned baby.
The film was directed by Norman Taurog and also stars Edward Everett Horton, Helen Twelvetrees, and Baby LeRoy (in his film debut, as the baby).
The plot surrounds a confused bride Melissa (Prepon) who wakes hand-cuffed to a Mexican stranger who claims to be her husband; she has no recollection of the marriage after having consumed a Mexican "moonshine" drink and having forgotten the events that occurred the previous night.
In Westport, Connecticut, Augie and Isolde Poole celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary by turning in an application to the Rock-a-Bye adoption agency.
Encouraged by their friends and next-door neighbors, Dick and Alice Pepper, who have three children and another due, Isolde, who has been unsuccessful in her attempts to become pregnant, is determined that she and Augie will eventually be parents.
While awaiting news of the application to the agency, Isolde decides that she and Augie should continue to try to have a baby on their own, and she enthusiastically follows all the latest advice by pregnancy experts.
Although exhausted by Isolde's resolve, Augie worries about having a child while they are living off Isolde's family money as he struggles to make a success as a serious cartoonist.
Dick, editor of The Townsman magazine, assures Augie that his publication would gladly hire Augie to write gags, but Isolde insists that Augie hold out for a more important offer.
Dick criticizes Augie for being too serious, compared to his own lighthearted manner, which, to Augie's dismay, includes perpetual infidelity.
One afternoon some weeks after their application, Estelle Novick, a striking young representative from Rock-a-Bye, visits the Pooles' neighborhood.
Having learned of Estelle's presence from other neighbors, Alice takes Isolde home to dress her properly for the interview.
When Estelle comes to the Pooles' house, Augie is unaware of her identity and, believing she works for a local charity, drinks two cocktails and behaves casually.
Later, when Augie becomes drowsy, Estelle drives him to a motel and checks him into a room to let him sleep off the pill's effect.
The next morning, Augie is mortified to find himself in the motel and, finding a note from Estelle thanking him for his kindness, believes he has been unfaithful to Isolde.
Three months later, Isolde is disheartened to have heard nothing from Rock-a-Bye or any of the other adoption agencies.
Augie visits Dick and confesses the incident with Estelle, from whom he has just received a call informing him that she is pregnant and leaving the area for her confinement.
Fearful that she will demand money, Augie pleads with Dick to hire him at the magazine, then give him a thousand dollar advance.
Later that day, Estelle drops by to visit the Pooles to advise them that she believes in a few months they may at last get their baby.
Isolde is delighted by the news and Augie weakly announces his new job with Dick's magazine.
Alone with Estelle later, Augie presses the money on her, then demands an explanation.
Estelle promises to repay the loan, then explains that she owes the Pooles for all of Augie's assistance to her.
A few months later, Dick and Alice throw Augie and Isolde a party in anticipation of the arrival of the new baby.
While dancing with Dick, Isolde confides that she has found a mysterious thousand dollar imbalance in the Pooles' finances.
Realizing this must be the money Augie has given Estelle, Dick invents a story of losing an investment on the stock market and Augie giving him a loan.
Surprised but pleased, Isolde asks for the money to be repaid for preparations for the baby.
That night, Isolde tells Augie about the bank imbalance and, panicked, Augie hastily admits that he borrowed money from Dick several times and paid it back in full once he was employed.
Certain that Augie is covering for Dick, the next day Isolde tells Alice, who promises to repay the money.
Some weeks later, Miss MacCracken from Rock-a-Bye telephones to schedule a visit.
Unnerved, Augie wonders if he should confess everything to Isolde.
Miss MacCracken arrives and informs Isolde and Augie that a baby has just been born and they have been moved to the top of the agency's list.
Thrilled, Augie and Isolde welcome the infant baby boy to their home days later, and soon everyone notices the baby's similarity to Augie.
Weeks afterward, as the physical similarity grows, Isolde becomes suspicious.
When Isolde has Augie's baby picture blown up and Alice mistakes it for the baby, Isolde furiously accuses Augie of infidelity and declares she is leaving him.
As Isolde is packing, Miss MacCracken returns to make an inspection of the couples' first month with the baby.
Realizing that the couple is breaking up, she declares she must make a report to the agency, but Augie pleads for a week and Miss MacCracken agrees.
Desperate to stop Isolde from leaving, Augie then confesses the incident with Estelle.
Just then, however, Estelle arrives to congratulate the Pooles and repay Augie the loan.
Boston based home renovator Isabel Darden, is a successful, attractive 30-year-old woman.
Isabel feels happy with her single life and loves herself.
But her mother and friends are concerned, she will be a spinster if she doesn't find a husband soon.
They constantly nag her about dating and finding the right man.
When yet another blind date turns into a nightmare, Isabel decides to do something that will forever keep her friends and mother out of her hair.
She announced that she will take their advice and marry the one person who knows her better than anyone else: herself.
Much to her mother Lillian and her best friend Amy's disgust.
Isabel begins planning her wedding with the help of her very enthusiastic gay friend, Bill.
As Isabel and Bill amuse themselves with the details of organizing her nuptials, Isabel is confident that she will finally get some peace from the wedding obsessed crowd, and she will also be making a statement for single women all over the world.
What started as a small event starts to get out of hand, when the story hits the Internet.
However, after meeting with her contractor's handsome and intelligent son, Colin.
At first, she assumes that this man won't live up to her standards, but after a few romantic dates, it begins to dawn on Isabel that Colin may, in fact, be a better life partner for her than the one she's already planning to marry.
As the wedding date approaches and the preparations escalate, Isabel knows that she must let Colin know about her wedding plans.
Unfortunately, her numerous attempts to tell him about the wedding are overshadowed by their growing romance, and Colin soon finds out about Isabelle's plans to marry herself after it was announced on national television.
Colin wants her to put a stop to the wedding and save it for their wedding someday in the future.
Although Isabel kind of wants to, she can't since she is already noticed by the media and inspiring to women all over the world.
Frustrated by Isabelle's failure to tell him about her upcoming wedding and about the repercussions of being known by the public as that "schmuck" who wouldn't marry his girlfriend.
Colin decides he can't date a woman who is about to marry herself and the pair splits up.
When Isabel is about to get married, she explains to everyone about how she wanted a simple ceremony in the park with a sundress.
Isabel runs out of the room and comes back with casual clothes instead of the wedding dress.
At the end, Isabel is married to Collin.
Mary Carroll (Ginger Rogers) is a young woman from upstate who came to New York City to find a job and a career, but whose money has almost run out.
She and Jack Bacon (Norman Foster) is an aspiring artist who lives in the same Greenwich Village building.
Both are behind on their rent, and their landlord, Max Eckbaum (George Sidney), a good-natured soul who nevertheless has expenses to meet, comes up with a solution, to move Mary into Jack's loft, and have them share the apartment on a shift basis.
They would never see each other or know who the other is, since Jack is out all night and sleeps during the day, and Mary is taking a job selling refrigerators by telephone, which keeps her out all day.
However, both manage to get a very bad impression of each other, after realizing the other is of the opposite sex from articles of clothing lying about.
A series of misunderstandings leads to a series of pranks aimed at each other.
He places a bucket in the shower, and when she takes one it falls on her head.
Then she places Jack's suit in the shower, so that it gets wet.
In retaliation, he saws her bed in half so that it would come apart when she sits on it.
The situation gets complicated when the couple accidentally meet outside their apartment, not knowing who the other is, and begin to fall in love.
Matters get worse when Mary's boss, lecherous Harrington Hubbell (Robert Benchley), tries to invite her out for dinner, and Jack's would-be "patron", a lonely, libidinous, rich older woman Elise Peabody Willington Smythe (Laura Hope Crews), tries to maintain her monopoly over Jack.
When Jack accompanies Mary to a company picnic, they slip away from the group together and miss the bus back to town, forcing them to take a taxi.
When they arrive at Jack's home, Mary realizes that Jack is her roommate.
Trying to allay what he assumes are her suspicions about the arrangement, and unaware Mary is the person with whom he has been sharing the attic loft, Jack strongly denounces his co-tenant to her, until the landlord comes and explains all.
Elise and Hubbell also arrive, Elise tries to bribe Mary, and a protective cabdriver, Fritzie (Guinn Williams), punches Hubbell, mistaking him for Jack.
Realizing his mistake, Fritzie then goes to his cab where Jack is pleading with Mary.
Fritzie is about to punch Jack when Mary intervenes, and the cab drives off with Jack and Mary kissing in the backseat.
Asked if they will get married, the landlord says, "I arranged it".
Peter (George Arthur) a chivalrous idealist seeks to win the heart of Amy (Gertrude Olmstead), in turn fancies urbane Harry (Tony D'Algy).
Jane (Joan Crawford) is a Prohibition agent who helps uncover Chicken bootleg activities.
The film tells the story of a footman, Richard, played by Michael Wilding, who is employed by Joshua Howard (Tom Walls), an eccentric art collector.
His niece and secretary, Judy (Anna Neagle), has her doubts that Richard is the footman he pretends to be.
In reality he is Lord Brent, brother of one of Judy's suitors, the Marquis of Borechester (Nicholas Phipps).
He went to America to sell some old paintings to restore the family fortunes but on the way back receives a message that the cheque he was given for the paintings is invalid.
He decides to hide until he can save enough money to return to America, and assumes the identity of a footman.
He and Judy fall in love, and as he is about to return to America they discover that the purchaser's cheque is valid after all.
David is too afraid to commit to his girlfriend Sarah, who is pressuring him to get married.
While she goes away to New York for work for two months, David's friends persuade him to experience the dating scene one more time.
Meanwhile, David's womanizing friend Mike gets drunk one night and mistakenly believes he has slept with a man, and afterwards makes several awkward attempts to come out of the closet, even though he is not really gay.
After three years away, the actress Camille returns to Paris in an Italian troupe run by her lover Ugo, who is touring Europe with an Italian-language production of a minor Pirandello play.
Camille is nervous because she still has feelings over leaving her lover Pierre, who she tracks down in a park.
He seems unchanged and has still not finished writing his doctoral thesis on Martin Heidegger.
Ugo meanwhile is pursuing his private search for a lost play by Goldoni and in a library meets the attractive Dominique, who tells him to try a collector.
The collector sends him to the private library inherited by Dominique's mother, who warns him that books have disappeared.
She is happy for him to browse and Dominique helps him.
When she takes him to her bedroom, however, her jealous half-brother Arthur intervenes (it is later revealed that he is her secret lover).
Dominique warns Ugo that it is Arthur who steals books to sell.
Pierre asks Camille and Ugo to dinner at his flat with his lover Sonia, which proves a disaster as the nervous Camille drinks too much and the jealous Ugo mocks Pierre.
When Camille goes round next day to apologise to Sonia, the two women begin to form a rapport.
However Sonia is being pursued by Arthur and in a bar Camille sees him trying to embrace her.
In fact he is taking an impression of her very valuable diamond ring, which he later replaces with a worthless duplicate.
In despair at this deceit, Sonia asks Camille if she will help.
She goes round to Arthur's flat and offers him a simple deal: she will either spend the night with him or walk out on the spot.
He opts for the night and, once he is asleep, she searches until she finds the ring in the kitchen.
Now able to be friends with Sonia, Camille is still worried that she has not closed things with Pierre.
When she goes to see him, he locks her in a room and she escapes by a skylight.
Ugo then calls on Pierre and challenges him to a duel, place and weapons to be his choice.
When Pierre accepts, he finds that the place is over the flies in the theatre and the weapons are a bottle of vodka each.
As Pierre is the first to fall over, Ugo wins.
In the meantime Dominique has found the Goldoni play, not in the library but in the kitchen among her mother's cookbooks.
When she brings it to Ugo, roaring drunk after his duel, he says it is so valuable that she must keep it and just give him a photocopy.
Camille turns up with the ring and offers it back to Sonia, who says Camille has earned it and must keep it.
Reunited and now rich, Camille and Ugo look forward to the next stop on their tour.
Fellow department store shopgirls and roommates Gerry March (Crawford), Connie Blair (Anita Page) and Franky Daniels (Dorothy Sebastian) take different paths in New York City, but all seek to marry wealthy men.
Connie pursues an affair with David Jardine (Raymond Hackett), son of the department store owner.
Meanwhile, Franky meets the slick-talking Marty Sanderson (John Miljan) when he comes into the store to buy $500 worth of towels.
However, when Sanderson comes to pick Franky up, he hits on Gerry instead.
At the same time, Gerry has been constantly courted by the dashing Tony Jardine (Robert Montgomery), elder son of the store owner.
He is used to getting what he wants, but when he invites her to visit the gardens on his estate alone.
Gerry, who believes that virtue will be her only reward, rebuffs Tony and intimates that he is childish.
Franky falls in love with Sanderson, who spoils her with diamonds and silk.
Gerry is suspicious, especially when she finds them both drunk and has to lead Franky out.
However, unbeknownst to them, Sanderson is the leader of a criminal gang that steals from department stores like the one the women work at.
The police come to apprehend Franky, believing she is a part of the gang, but she knows nothing of it.
Meanwhile, Connie is very happy with David and intends to marry him.
However, she reads in the newspaper that David intends to marry the high-society Evelyn Woodforth (Martha Sleeper).
She listens to the reception being broadcast on the radio and takes poison in an attempt kill herself.
Gerry finds her and goes to Tony in order to force David to leave his reception to visit Connie.
In a contentious conversation, Tony forces David to leave and visit Connie, and this selfless act attracts Gerry and convinces her that Tony is a good guy after all.
However, despite David's visit, Connie dies.
Bored New York office girl Teddy (Ginger Rogers), goes to a camp in the Catskill Mountains called Camp Kare Free, for rest and to get away from the noisy, busy, city life and avoid advances from Emil.
She meets and at first does not like waiter Chick (Douglas Fairbanks, Jr).
She also meets friend Faye, her roommate Miriam, and Buzzy.
Miriam has eyes for Buzzy, who seems to have eyes for everyone.
Within her two-week stay, Teddy and Chick fall in love and spend every day together.
One night Teddy becomes angry with Chick and leaves him to go to a party where she meets up with Buzzy.
A storm rolls in and Buzzy invites her to his cabin, which he rents by himself.
Initially refusing and wanting to be with friends, Teddy sees Chick at the party and asks Buzzy to go to his cabin.
At the cabin she tells Buzzy she isn't interested but loves to play backgammon.
Chick rushes in to save Teddy but becomes embarrassed when he sees the innocent board game.
He returns to the party and waits there to talk with Teddy when she returns home.
Teddy accidentally falls asleep at Buzzy's cabin and stays overnight.
While trying to sneak out the next morning Teddy is spotted leaving by Miriam.
Emil shows up to drive Teddy back to the city and the two sit down to eat, with Chick as their waiter.
All three of them overhear Miriam yelling at Buzzy for having Teddy stay overnight.
Chick goes on a punching spree and chases after Teddy out of the restaurant.
The two reconcile and plan their married life.
Sam and Baggy are two non-committal slackers who while their time away with nonsensical affairs while dreaming of greater things in life.
Paris and Zeke are two guardian angels who confront them with plans for change.
Paris is a former dolphin while Zeke is a former squirrel.
Graham (Noriega) suffers from severe amnesia and cannot remember what he has done hours after he has done it.
Consequently, he must write everything down; who he knows, where he should be, even where he works.
His boss takes advantage of his disability and manipulates him into having sex with her.
Graham meets a temp called Irène and begins a relationship with her, which is difficult as he never remembers who she is.
To help him remember, Irène writes her name on his chest with a marker pen.
A little boy called Antoine is frequently seen in the same places Graham happens to be.
Graham doesn't notice this due to his condition, but it is clear to the viewer that the child is of significance.
Through the machinations of his boss, Graham's notebook is stolen leading him into a misadventure to try to recover it.
In a state of confusion, Graham is left wandering naked on a beach where he falls asleep.
During the night the little boy, Antoine curls up next to him to and awakens Graham.
Graham remembers Antoine as being his son.
Antoine tells Graham that his wife, Isabelle, forgives him for his relationship with Irène as she knows he cannot help forgetting his family.
Graham and Antoine are approached on the beach by the police who are concerned that a young boy is with a naked man.
Graham's therapist is concerned at his behavior and tell him that they cannot allow him to leave.
He tries to explain to his therapist that he has got some of his memory back.
The therapist is still not convinced and still wants to have the man committed.
Graham then tells his therapist that he is feeling really cold, and asks to have a blanket to warm himself.
When he receives the blanket, he repeats to the therapist that he is still cold and perhaps standing would make him feel better.
At this point the therapist is in a confused state of mind, as Graham starts walking around the room with the cover over his head.
Graham assures him that walking would warm himself, and that was the reasoning for him walking around the room.
However, Graham then runs and escapes the room by jumping out a window in the office using the blanket to prevent himself from any injuries or cuts from the broken glass.
While fleeing the area, Antonie is waiting for him, and the father and son run off together laughing.
Irène and Graham have another encounter with each other in a parking garage.
Graham walks past Irène to go to his car, not remembering who she is.
He pauses for a brief moment, and then turns around to walk back towards the building as if he forgot something.
Irène drops one of the boxes she is holding, and he picks it up for her and they stare into each other's eyes.
He then offers to carry the boxes for the woman to her car.
Suddenly, they start making out in the parking garage standing by her car.
Graham stops her though and tells her that they could not continue this in the parking garage due to a security camera being close by.
Irène then invites him to come to her house, and tells him to follow her to her home.
They meet up side by side at the parking garage's traffic barrier.
At this point, Graham has already forgotten what he was doing and decides to drive through the barrier to leave the parking garage.
Irène is disappointed but amused at what he had just done, so she then smiles and backed up her vehicle and drove through her barrier.
Ever since Jeff Williams (Clark Gable) was a child, he has been in love with Mary Clay (Joan Crawford).
Returning from Madrid, Spain, he wants to propose to her firsthand.
However, he comes to a halt, as he finds out that she is being married to Dillon 'Dill' Todd (Robert Montgomery) the very next day.
The three had been friends since childhood, but no one besides the butler realized Jeff's feelings.
So instead, he wishes all the best for the couple.
However, the next day, Dill doesn't show up to the altar, as it turns out that the night before the wedding, he ran off and married Connie Barnes (Frances Drake), a woman with whom he had had an affair in Europe some months before.
Mary quickly gets out of her wedding dress and projects strength instead of fainting.
Although what Dill did to Mary was terrible, she still has a soft spot for him.
Jeff and Mary are invited to a party at Dill and Connie's house, and the two decide to attend in order to cause some havoc and shock the newlywed couple.
While the tension between Mary and Connie is palpable, Dill is shocked to see Mary.
Dill and Mary share a romantic moment outside, and Connie awkwardly walks in on them.
Jeff tries to smooth the situation over, but Connie remains furious.
Later, Dill calls Mary and Jeff finds out they intend to see each other.
Mary knows she should not go, but the two go up to Aunt Paula's (Billie Burke) country house in Phoenicia, New York.
The two share a romantic day, and they profess their love for each other.
Dill calls his butler to tell him to pick them up tomorrow morning, but Connie overhears and sets off for Phoenicia.
Aunt Paula also realizes the two are at her house, and goes there with Jeff in order to prevent the scandal from getting worse.
In fact, the night previously, Dill accidentally burned himself, and the two did not sleep together.
As Connie arrives, Jeff and Mary pretend to be a couple, but Connie does not buy it.
She wants to punish Dill for his perceived unfaithfulness, while Aunt Paula wants to avoid scandal.
Connie accepts a lucrative settlement and leaves for Europe, thus leaving Dill free to marry Mary.
Right before the ceremony, Jeff proclaims his love for Mary and tells her that he is leaving on a boat back to Spain.
When the butler, Shep (Charles Butterworth), tells her the cornflowers sent to her last wedding were from Jeff and not Dill, Mary realizes she loves Jeff instead.
She breaks off her marriage with Dill and joins Jeff on the boat—when Dill arrives at the wharf, the ship has already sailed.
Marcia (Joan Crawford) is a young socialite who shares her New York home with her alcoholic grandmother, Fanny Townsend (Edna May Oliver).
Marcia is a firm believer that a couple should be faithful to one another, unlike her peers who do not feel so strongly.
Marcia meets Jim (Franchot Tone), who agrees with her on the subject of a couple's monogamy and pursues her.
Marcia, however, decides to pursue Sherry (Robert Montgomery), whom Marcia sees as a challenge and seeks to cure him of his philandering nature.
After a night at a club where some of Sherry's past flings swirl about him, the couple discuss the institution of marriage and have clearly divergent views.
In spite of this, Marcia and Sherry are married, yet Sherry continues as before.
Indeed, even on their honeymoon, Sherry flirts with the gorgeous Sally French (Jean Chatburn).
Later, when the newly married couple returns home, Sherry goes home with a friend's date, Theresa German (Gail Patrick) and doesn't return that night.
It is then that Marcia realizes her philandering husband has already ruined their marriage.
Sherry admits to spending the night with Theresa and admits his infidelity in a rather abrupt and unapologetic manner.
Marcia decides to teach her husband a lesson by having a party to which she invites Sherry's former flames along with their mates.
Marcia announces that she intends to be unfaithful to her husband,by having a fling with Jim, who still cares for Marcia.
Marcia and Jim escape from the party during a game of charades, and she returns the next morning.
Sherry then sees how much his wife loves him and is convinced to reform his former ways.
In the end, however, Marcia stayed true to her beliefs and did not go through as she planned.
In a Trieste gambling casino, the cynical Count Armalia (George Zucco) tells his snobbish friend Rudi Pal (Robert Young) that the only thing separating aristocrats from peasants is luck.
Later, in a waterfront cafe, he decides to prove his point by offering the club's singer, Anni Pavlovitch (Joan Crawford), money and a wardrobe to stay at an upper class resort hotel in the Alps for two weeks and pose as his friend Anne Vivaldi, an aristocrat's daughter.
When Anni first arrives, she meets Giulio (Franchot Tone), a philosophical postal clerk who has no desire for wealth.
She also meets her old friend Maria (Mary Philips), who is happy being a maid in the hotel and warns Anni not to become the victim of Armalia's joke on his friends.
That evening, Anni attracts the attention of Rudi, who is dining with his fiancée, Maddalena Monti (Lynne Carver), her father, Admiral Monti (Reginald Owen), and Contessa di Meina (Billie Burke).
Rudi begins to fall in love with Anni, but she is more attracted to Giulio.
Hoping to lure Rudi into proposing to her, Anni extends her stay beyond the two weeks while the Contessa, who has been suspicious of her from the beginning, wires Armalia for information on her.
When the reply comes through the post office, Giulio reads it and learns the truth, but on the way to deliver it, he meets Anni, who goes to his cottage and realizes that she loves him, but marriage to Rudi would bring the material wealth she craves.
Later, she falls and Giulio loses the telegram going to help her.
On the evening of an annual costume party at which the hotel guests dress as peasants, Anni snubs Giulio when he offers her flowers, but later confesses her love.
She still plans to marry Rudi, though, whom she has finally gotten to propose, after refusing to be his mistress.
The next day, Rudi tells Maddalena that he is in love with Anni and she steps aside, then suggests that they dine together that evening.
While Maria helps Anni pack, she tells her that she no longer has a heart and that the gaudy red beaded dress she plans to wear is what she is really like.
During dinner, Giulio delivers a copy of the telegram to the Contessa, who shows it to Rudi and the others.
Maddalena is genuinely sympathetic, and Anni tells Rudi that he should marry his childhood sweetheart because she really is a lady.
Finally, after being comforted by Maria, Anni realizes that Rudi did the right thing and she leaves the hotel after the manager demands payment of her bill.
When she leaves, taking only her peasant costume from the ball, Giulio is happily waiting for her.
Dan Hardesty (William Powell) is an escaped murderer, sentenced to hang.
In Hong Kong, he meets Joan Ames (Kay Francis), a terminally-ill woman, in a bar.
They share a drink, then Dan breaks his glass, followed by Joan.
Police Sergeant Steve Burke (Warren Hymer) captures Dan when he leaves (though out of sight of Joan) and escorts his prisoner aboard an ocean liner crossing the Pacific to San Francisco.
On board, Dan jumps into the water in a bid to escape, dragging a handcuffed (and non-swimmer) Steve with him, but spots Joan among the passengers and changes his mind.
Once the ship is underway, he persuades Steve to remove his handcuffs.
Dan and Joan fall in love on the month-long cruise, neither knowing that the other is under the shadow of death.
By chance, two of Dan's friends are also aboard, thief Skippy (Frank McHugh) and con artist "Barrel House Betty" (Aline MacMahon), masquerading as "Countess Barilhaus".
The countess distracts Steve as much as she can to help Dan.
Just before the only stop, at Honolulu, Steve has Dan put in the brig, but he escapes with their help and goes ashore.
Joan intercepts him and they spend an idyllic day together.
When they drive back to the dock, Dan starts to tell her why he cannot return to the ship, only to have her faint.
Dan carries her aboard for medical help, forfeiting his chance.
Later, Joan's doctor tells Dan about her condition and that the slightest excitement or shock could be fatal.
Meanwhile, the "countess" has spent so much time with the policeman that a romance blooms between them.
When they near the end of the voyage, he awkwardly proposes to her.
She tells him her true identity, but he still wants to marry her.
As Steve and Dan get ready to disembark, a steward overhears the grim truth and, when Joan comes looking for Dan, tells her.
The two lovers part for the last time without letting on they know each other's secret, and Joan collapses after Dan is out of sight.
They had agreed to meet again on New Year's Eve, a month later.
At the appointed time and place, a bartender is startled when two glasses on the bar break with no one around.
Zack Brown and Miri Linky are roommates in Monroeville, Pennsylvania (a Pittsburgh suburb).
They have been friends since the first grade.
Despite Miri working at the local shopping mall and Zack working at a coffee shop, they have not paid their utility bills in months, with Zack devoting much of his free time to a fanatic following of the Pittsburgh Penguins and his status in the community amateur hockey team, the Monroeville Zombies.
After work, their water gets turned off before they go to their high school reunion.
At the reunion, Miri attempts to seduce her attractive former classmate Bobby Long, while Zack strikes up a conversation with Brandon st Randy, who reveals that he is a gay porn star, and Bobby's boyfriend.
After returning home from the reunion, the apartment's electricity is turned off.
Inspired by a successful viral video that was filmed by a pair of teenage boys as Miri changed in Zack's place of work for the reunion (revealing that she wore unattractive "granny panties" underwear), and emboldened by the cultural mainstreaming of pornographic entertainment, Zack convinces a reluctant Miri that they should make a pornographic film to earn money.
Gathering a group of acquaintances and hired help as the cast and crew, they decide to film a pornographic Star Wars parody, entitled Star Whores.
Delaney, the film's producer and Zack's co-worker, rents film equipment and a building to use as a studio.
When they return to the studio after the first night of filming, the building is being demolished, with all the equipment and costumes inside.
They are told that the man that rented it to them had run off with the money.
Later at the coffee shop where Zack works, he realizes that his boss threatened to install a hidden camera, which Zack finds and decides to use to replace their lost film equipment.
Zack retools his film to take place in the coffee shop, revamping the film to one with a coffee shop motif, Swallow My Cockuccino.
The group shoots the film after hours.
Despite their insistence that they would not let sex with each other affect their friendship, Zack and Miri soon develop romantic feelings for each other.
When it comes time for Zack and Miri to have sex on camera, they find that instead of the clinical sex enacted by the actors in the other scenes, their interlude is romantic and heartfelt.
Later the next evening, Zack and Miri are at home tentatively about to discuss their reactions to the scene, when suddenly their apartment's electricity and water service return.
The rest of the actors and crew reveal that they pooled their resources to pay one month of Zack and Miri's bills and are throwing them an early wrap party.
At the party, one of the other actresses, Stacey, asks Miri if it's okay for her to ask Zack to have sex, since she's nervous about her upcoming scene with him.
Although Miri has realized that she has developed feelings for Zack, she tells Stacey it's okay to ask him.
When Stacey relates this to Zack, the two retreat to Zack's bedroom, much to Miri's dismay.
The next evening, Zack is preparing to film a scene between Stacey and another actor, Lester, that was supposed to have been with Lester and Miri.
Zack is dismayed when Miri shows up and insists on shooting the scene as originally planned.
In the back room, an incredulous Zack asks if she is doing this as a form of retaliation, pointing out that Stacey told him that Miri did not mind her sleeping with Zack.
Miri corrects him, clarifying that she did not mind that Stacey merely made the offer to sleep with him.
Perceiving this to have been some type of test, Zack admits that during the sex scene they filmed together, they were actually making love and that there was an emotional connection between them, and that he loves Miri.
When Miri does not reciprocate, Zack storms out of the coffee shop, quitting the film and his job, and moves out of the apartment.
Three months later, Delaney goes to see Zack, who has moved on to an exterior concessions job at Mellon Arena during Pittsburgh Penguins games.
Delaney convinces him to come to Delaney's home to see the unfinished film and help complete it.
Zack agrees, and as Delaney and the cameraman Deacon explain, Zack learns that Miri never filmed her sex scene with Lester.
Zack goes to Miri's apartment and reveals to her that he never slept with Stacey; instead, they talked about Miri all night.
He pours his heart out to Miri, proclaiming his love for her, which she reciprocates.
In a post credits scene, it is revealed that Zack and Miri have married, and with the help of Delaney and his worker's compensation settlement, start their own video production company, Zack and Miri Make Your Porno, which makes amateur videos for couples.
Margaret Drew (Crawford) runs her trucking company single-mindedly, if not ruthlessly.
The only thorn in her side is writer Michael Holmes (Douglas) who is writing a book on some of her tough ways.
With no time for men, the effect an attractive stranger has on her at her sister's wedding is unnerving.
When it turns out this is the hated writer, she starts seriously to lose her bearings.
Etienne Pimm (Charles Boyer) has an unusual way of making a living: he arranges for impoverished European aristocrats to marry unsuspecting rich women.
He is then discreetly compensated for his efforts by the husbands.
His latest target is Millicent "Milly" Mehaffey (Hope Lange), newly arrived on the Riviera.
Pimm and his assistant Janine (Ulla Jacobsson) begin grooming the penniless Grand Duke Gaspard Ducluzeau (Ricardo Montalban) for Milly, hiring Julian Soames (John Wood) to teach him manners and English.
As their target fancies herself a race car driver, Pimm recruits John Lathrop Davis (Glenn Ford), a (retired) champion many times over, to teach Gaspard to drive.
Pimm "accidentally" meets Milly's uncle and guardian, dr Christian Gump (Telly Savalas, cast against type as a cultured gourmet) and invites him to a dinner prepared by his personal, world-renowned chef, Maurice Zoltan (André Luguet).
Gump cannot resist.
After dinner, he is introduced to the handsome young duke, well prepared after weeks of intensive training.
As Pimm had hoped, Gump begs him to bring the duke to a party he has arranged for Milly, confiding that he hopes they fall in love and that his troublesome ward will settle down.
Meanwhile, Priory (Laurence Hardy), another of Pimm's minions, has gotten himself hired as the chauffeur, to spy on the family.
When a polo ball hit by Gaspard breaks Priory's arm, a reluctant Davis takes his place.
Davis is openly contemptuous of Milly's unrealistic plan to compete in the International Grand Prix, causing clashes with his spoiled employer.
As they spend more time together though, her initial dislike turns into love.
With the romance between Milly and Gaspard not proceeding very well, Pimm suggests to Milly that the young couple spend a romantic night together at his private villa.
She takes him up on his offer, only with Davis, not Gaspard.
The next morning, Milly learns the truth and is at first outraged, even though Pimm confesses that Davis was not the intended groom.
For revenge, she decides to marry an oafish suitor named Freddie (Jean Parédès).
However, on her wedding day, her wise grandmother (Ruth McDevitt) convinces her to reconcile with Davis.
This is just fine with Gaspard, as he has fallen for Janine.
PowerfulS.
Representative Agatha Reed (Joan Crawford) returns to her alma mater to receive an honorary degree.
Unbeknownst to the college's board of trustees, Agatha was expelled from the school years earlier for participating in an all-night date with a young professor, dr James Merrill (Robert Young), who is now the university president.
The romantic fires are rekindled when the two meet.
Matt Cole (Frank Lovejoy), a photographer from Life Magazine who loves Agatha, believes her feeling for Merrill is simply an unresolved holdover from her girlhood and follows her to the school.
Agatha becomes embroiled in a university matter over progressive teaching methods with dr Pitt (Morgan Farley), board trustee Claude Griswold (Howard st John) and his wife Ellen Griswold (Lurene Tuttle).
A film Agatha made about the dangers of restricting intellectual freedom is to be shown on campus to celebrate her legacy, but the reactionary Griswold forces Merrill to cancel the showing.
Merrill will not stand up to Griswold, and though Merrill consents to show the film if Agatha's expulsion is not revealed, he lies to his daughter about the reason why.
After a series of misunderstandings, Agatha realizes she belongs with Cole and should forget the way she fancied Merrill.
The film takes place in 1953.
Larry Lipinsky is a young Jewish boy from Jewish enclave Brownsville Brooklyn, New York, who has dreams of stardom.
He moves to Greenwich Village, much to the chagrin of his extremely overprotective mother.
Larry ends up hanging out with an eccentric bunch of characters while waiting for his big break.
He has a group of tight-knit friends, which includes a wacky girl named Connie; Anita, an emotionally distraught young woman who constantly contemplates suicide; Robert, a young WASP who fancies himself a poet; and Bernstein, a gay man.
All the while, he tries to maintain a stormy relationship with Sarah, his girlfriend.
This band of outsiders becomes Larry's new family as he struggles as an actor and works toward a break in Hollywood.
Andy Hardy (Mickey Rooney) from Carvel becomes infatuated with a well-known young socialite, Daphne Fowler (Diana Lewis), from New York City.
Even though he hasn’t met the woman in person, he drops her name to his friends and tells them that they are very well acquainted.
He even lets his friends believe he is romantically involved with Miss Fowler.
Hardy’s senseless namedropping gets him into trouble when his father, the honorable judge James Hardy (Lewis Stone), decides to move to New York with the whole family, to work on a case involving an orphanage.
The judge has to appear in court against a law firm that is disputing payments from a trust fund that supports the orphanage.
Andy’s friends, who happen to be editors at a paper, want to print the story about the romantic couple, and Andy is forced to get to know the socialite to avoid embarrassment.
He goes off on a pursuit to meet Daphne and become friends with her.
In New York, Andy encounters an old female friend, Betsy Booth (Judy Garland), who happens to have a crush on him.
Soon Andy has to evade romantic propositions from Betsy, while he is trying to meet with the popular and seemingly unattainable Daphne.
Against all odds, Andy hears on radio that Daphne is to attend a function at a restaurant.
He manages to get into the restaurant where Daphne is present, but he gets into trouble when he can’t live up to his own story about being a wealthy man, not being able to pay his bill.
Things look dark for Andy, but his father goes from despair to success when he wins the orphanage case.
Andy is inspired by his father’s successful litigation, and in a moment of honesty, he tells his friend Betty about his situation.
It turns out Betsy is friends with Daphne, and she agrees to introduce Andy to her.
Thus, Andy avoids all embarrassment when the article about him and Daphne is published.
In the end, Andy finds the high society life too expensive, and realizes that Betsy is the one for him.
They have their first kiss, and they promise to write to each other regularly.
The play is a drama concerning racial prejudice involving mrs Jacoby, a Jewish widow from Brooklyn, New York, and Koichi Asano, a millionaire widower from Tokyo.
mrs Jacoby is sailing to Japan with her daughter and foreign service officer son-in-law who is being posted to theS.
Embassy in Tokyo.
She still considers the country the enemy responsible for the death of her son during World War II, but her feelings change when she meets mr Asano on board the ship.
When she advises her family of mr Asano's desire to court her, mrs Jacoby's daughter, whose loyalty is to her mother rather than her husband, objects to the possibility of an interracial marriage.
Small-town girl Katherine (Norma Shearer) steals a train-wreck victim's lease on a New York City flat in order to enjoy the good life.
When her family turns up, she pretends to be the wife of the absent owner who, in turn, returns.
Aymé played by Blanc, a recently widowed farmer, is eager to find a new wife to help him run his farm.
Desperate, he seeks the aid of a local matchmaker who suggest that he go to Romania to find a new wife.
There he meets Elena played by Marinescu.
In 1960s San Francisco, Andy Hobart (Tony Roberts) does everything he can to keep his struggling, two-man, radical underground newspaper, the Nitty Gritty, going; he steals food from the supermarket and other people's laundry from the dry cleaners, and holds off his creditors, especially the landlord, mrs MacKaninee (Elizabeth Allen), and his printer, mr Karlson (Artie Lewis).
To appease mrs MacKaninee, he accompanies her motorcycling, waterskiing, and surfing.
He lives with talented, but nerdy Norman Cornell (Todd Susman), who writes the entire newspaper.
One day, a perky, talkative Southern girl moves into the bungalow across from them.
Amy Cooper (Sandy Duncan) has come to the big city to train for the Olympics with the best swimming coach in the country.
Norman falls instantly in love with her (or rather with the way she smells) and neglects his writing, causing Andy untold headaches.
Norman drives Amy to distraction with his misguided, over-the-top attempts to win her affection.
When he unintentionally gets her fired from her day job, Andy hires her as a secretary, just to keep Norman happy (and writing).
Then something unexpected happens.
Despite despising everything Andy stands for, the conservative Amy discovers (to her great disgust) that she is physically attracted to him and likes the way he smells, which is rather awkward, since she is scheduled to marry another swimmer in a few weeks.
When she informs Andy, he is uncertain how to react.
She gets him to kiss her to see how it feels, at which point Norman walks in.
Amy decides to go back to Florida because Andy isn't interested in her.
Norman quits over what he considers a betrayal, but quickly changes his mind and goes back to work, cured of Amy.
Meanwhile, Andy discovers to his horror that the smell of Amy permeates the room even after she's gone.
He chases after her and gets her to come back.
The story begins with Samantha (Julianne Nicholson) breaking up with Allegra (Elizabeth Reaser), a lesbian author who has had relationship problems in the past.
Allegra meets a man named Philip (Justin Kirk) at a party, with whom she feels a connection.
The next day, she meets Grace (Gretchen Mol), Philip's ex-girlfriend, although Allegra does not know about it.
Allegra and Philip begin seeing each other, and Philip leaves Grace for good.
Allegra sees Grace outside of a movie theater and Grace cries about her boyfriend leaving her.
Allegra goes on a date with Philip, but she leaves after thoughts in her mind tell her it is wrong to be with a guy.
Allegra goes back and forth on dates with Philip and Grace.
After several more dates, Grace shows Allegra a picture of her ex-boyfriend, and she learns that Philip and Grace were together.
Philip and Grace go out for dinner, where they reveal to each other that they are seeing someone else.
Meanwhile, Allegra caters at a party, which turns out to be Samantha's engagement party.
Philip and Grace show up at the party, and they both discover that they have been seeing the same woman.
In the end, Allegra is back with Samantha and never sees Philip and Grace again.
Described as a comedy/drama/musical/romance, the story revolves around a Ukrainian immigrant namedK.
(Hütz) who finances his dreams of rock glory by moonlighting as a cross-dressing dominatrix and his two female flatmates: Holly (Weston), a ballet dancer who works as a stripper and pole-dancer at a local club and Juliette (McClure), a pharmacy assistant who dreams of going to Africa to help starving children.
The Gypsy punk band that appears in the film is portrayed by real-life Gypsy punk band, Gogol Bordello, who also contributed three songs to the film's soundtrack.
The band's lead singer, Eugene Hütz, portrays the main character – a character with a philosophical attitude towards life.
Madonna allowed additional dialogue written by Hütz himself to be included in the film.
Sara Davis (Leah Pipes), a 15-year-old female soccer prodigy, has a chance to join theS.
National Soccer Team.
Her daily life is extremely hectic, as she finds a balance between high school, running, romance, sports, and parental pressure while realizing her own priorities.
Sara, coached by her father Gil (Scott Patterson), sacrifices her interest in dance, photography, and her social life to concentrate on her sport.
With the encouragement of her best friend Tutti (Lalaine), Sara begins a relationship with Josh (Drew Tyler Bell), the solitary photographer on the school newspaper.
As she takes control of her life, Sara faces the challenge of discovering what she really wants, so that she can make the best move of her life.
Hannah plays Harry, a very shy young gay man who has a birthmark in the shape of Madagascar across much of the left-hand side of his face.
On fleeing the city and the shallow gay scene, Harry ends up at a rugged stretch of coastline where he meets Flint, played by Bernard Hill.
Flint is very heterosexual and the two are wary of each other to begin with.
The film focuses on how their relationship is transformed from distrust, through respect, and ultimately to attraction.
Austenland tells the story of 30-something Jane Hayes, an average New York woman who secretly has an unhealthy obsession with mr Darcy from the BBC adaptation of Pride and Prejudice.
But after Jane accidentally reveals her secret to a great aunt, who shortly after dies, Jane gets the opportunity of a lifetime.
In her great aunt's will, Jane's great aunt leaves Jane a trip to a Jane Austen–themed getaway destination where Jane hopes to meet her own real life mr Darcy.
While at "Austenland", Jane is plagued with self-doubt about pretending to be a woman from the Jane Austen era.
However, along the journey Jane makes new friends and finds a new romantic interest.
Reed Fish (Jay Baruchel) has followed in the footsteps of his late father, doing an early-morning radio show with the town's mayor, Maureen (Katey Sagal), through which the eccentric locals of Mud Meadows voice their complaints and have them addressed.
Reed produces the show with his old high school buddy, Frank (Victor Rasuk), and he's engaged to be married to another high school classmate, Kate Peterson (Alexis Bledel), whose dad (Blake Clark) owns several businesses in town.
Reed's plans are upended when his high school sweetheart, Jill (Schuyler Fisk), comes back to town.
She's supposed to be away at law school, but confides to Reed that she quit school two years earlier, and has been working as a waitress while she fruitlessly pursues a career in music.
Reed encourages her to play on Open Mike Night at the local bar.
He inspires her to find her voice, which leads to some complications in his relationship with Kate, forcing Reed to reexamine every aspect of his safe, secure life.
Roro (Fares Fares) and Måns (Torkel Petersson) who are best friends, work at the park management and get to do all the shit jobs - clean up duck ponds and pick up dog poop.
Roro's Swedish girlfriend Lisa (Tuva Novotny) wants to be introduced to his family but he refuses for a long time because of his Lebanese family traditions.
When Roro finally decides to introduce Lisa to his family, he walks into the apartment full of relatives who are planning a marriage with the Lebanese girl Yasmine (Laleh Pourkarim).
Mark Christopher (Powell) is a successful thirty-five-year-old Hollywood screenwriter who has suffered from partial writer's block since winning an Academy Award and has been unable to produce a decent script.
One Christmas Eve, he receives an unexpected and very unwanted surprise present.
Vice Squad Sergeant Sam Hanlon (Herb Vigran) brings seventeen-year-old Susan Landis (Reynolds) to Mark's luxurious apartment.
Susan had been abandoned by her mother and was arrested for vagrancy and hitting a sailor over the head with a beer bottle.
Not wanting to keep her in jail over the holidays and aware that Mark was interested in writing a script about juvenile delinquency, the kindhearted cop decides to bend the rules (much to the disapproval of his partner).
Hanlon suggests that Susan stay with Mark until her arraignment the day after Christmas.
Mark is naturally appalled, but is eventually persuaded to take the girl in.
This doesn't go over too well with his long-time fiancée, Isabella Alexander (Anne Francis), the demanding daughter of aS.
Senator.
Isabella's jealousy grows when Susan develops a crush on Mark.
Mark's secretary Maude Snodgrass (Glenda Farrell), his best friend Virgil (Alvy Moore), and his lawyer Harvey Butterworth (Les Tremayne) do their best to keep the situation under control.
When Harvey lets slip that Susan will likely stay in a juvenile detention facility till she is 18, Mark impulsively takes her to Las Vegas and marries her.
The marriage, he explains to his friends, will last for just long enough to convince the judge that Susan has made good.
To avoid consummating the marriage, he takes Susan out dancing till she collapses with fatigue, and brings her back to Hollywood.
Mark then slips away to a cabin in the Sierra Nevada mountains to work on his script with Maude.
The marriage is reported in the newspapers.
Enraged Isabella confronts Susan, but is hauled away by Hanlon and his partner.
Some weeks later, Isabella finds Mark in the cabin.
She has calmed down, but Mark says he thinks they are not really suited to each other.
Susan also arrives, determined to win Mark to a real marriage.
She is encouraged and supported by Maude, who still regrets leaving her childhood love behind for an attempted acting career in Hollywood.
Susan refuses to sign the annulment papers, while Mark still will not consummate the marriage.
When Susan is seen eating strawberries and pickles, Mark's friends assume the worst: that she is pregnant.
Susan eventually confesses to Mark that she just likes that combination.
Mark has his own confession: he is in love with Susan but is worried by their age difference.
Susan tells him all the reasons that they should stay married and pulls him into the bedroom.
Dick Wallace, portrayed by a 26-year-old John Wayne, has to prove to the Preacher's daughter, his own Dad, his old friends, and himself that he isn't just an irresponsible playboy.
Fortunately, his new love, Marion does a good job of convincing them.
The question is whether or not it is true.
It depicts two people, played by Karen Sillas and Tom Noonan, on a first date; their conversation gradually reveals their lonely lives and hidden personalities.
In the days leading up to World War II, Katie O'Hara (Ginger Rogers), an American burlesque performer masquerading as American socialite "Katherine Butt-Smith", pronounced byüt-smith, is about to marry Austrian Baron Von Luber (Walter Slezak).
Foreign correspondent Pat O'Toole (Cary Grant) suspects Von Luber of being a Nazi sympathizer and tries unsuccessfully to get information from Katie by deceit, but is warned off by Von Luber.
Undaunted, O'Toole follows the couple to Prague, where O'Hara and Von Luber marry.
After the annexation of Czechoslovakia by Germany, the Von Lubers travel to Warsaw, where the baron sells arms to Polish General Borelski (Albert Bassermann).
O'Toole warns the General of the dangers of trusting in Von Luber.
When the General tries the weapons he finds out he has been sold duds and plans to notify his government.
When the Germans invade Poland, the weapons prove to be defective.
Von Luber is arrested on suspicion but warns his young bride not to worry because no one will be able to bear witness against him.
Soon after, the General is assassinated along with a young Nazi the Baron has chosen to sacrifice.
While the Baron is in jail O'Hara and O'Toole decide to flee the country.
However, O'Hara has given her passport to her Jewish maid Anna, so that the woman and her two children may escape the country.
O'Hara and O'Toole escape to Norway, Holland and Belgium (all of which subsequently fall to the Germans) and then to Paris all at the hand of Von Luber.
In Paris, O'Hara and O'Toole go to have new passports made.
They meet Gaston Le Blanc (Albert Dekker), an American counterintelligence agent posing as a photographer.
LeBlanc persuades O'Hara to return to the Baron and work as a spy.
Von Luber becomes suspicious due to O'Hara's persistent questioning.
O'Toole agrees to broadcast pro-Nazi propaganda after the Baron threatens to turn O'Hara over to the Gestapo.
O'Toole is then contacted by American counterintelligence who ask him to accept the offer and betray the Baron.
When O'Hara is found with LeBlanc, who is shot by two Nazi agents, she is placed under house arrest.
Anna finds her in the hotel and aids in her escape.
O'Toole goes on the air, but after O'Hara shows up at the studio, he cleverly manages to make it look as if the baron is trying to overthrow Hitler.
Von Luber is arrested, and Pat and Katie sneak away.
They board a ship for America, but Katie later runs into Von Luber on board; the baron was able to talk his way out of his troubles.
Now he is on his way to the United States to continue his subversive activities.
They struggle and Von Luber falls overboard.
O'Hara tells O'Toole and hesitantly he agrees to tell the Captain.
The Captain turns the ship around to search for Von Luber, but when O'Hara says that Von Luber cannot swim, the Captain happily turns the ship back towards America.
A masked young dandy goes to an ornate dance hall, where he finds a young woman to be his dance partner.
When he faints from the exertion, a doctor is called.
He discovers that the dandy's mask hides his aged appearance.
The doctor takes the old man home to his patient wife.
She explains that her husband Ambroise used to attract the ladies who frequented the hairdresser salon where he worked, but in the space of two years, he lost his looks.
He goes out in disguise in an attempt to recapture his youth.
Julia Tellier, the well-respected madam of a small-town whorehouse, takes her girls on an outing to her brother's village to attend the first communion of her niece.
Her regular patrons are taken aback when they discover the whorehouse closed without explanation that Saturday night.
One finally discovers a sign explaining the reason and is relieved.
Julia's brother becomes infatuated with Rosa, one of her workers, and promises to visit next month.
An artist falls in love with his model.
Things are idyllic at first, but after living together for a while, they begin to quarrel constantly.
Finally, he moves in with his friend.
She eventually finds him, but he wants no more to do with her.
He ignores her threat to jump from a window, and is so guilt-ridden when she does so immediately that he marries her.
Three of her suitors protest when Molly Truesdale, on a whim, boards a bus in New York City to find out what life in the American West is like.
Molly goes to a rodeo, where a bucking bronco tosses rider Duke Hudkins right into her lap.
Duke buys her a beer afterward and then Molly brings him luck while gambling, but his partner Waco warns her that Duke is not the right guy for her.
In a campfire, more worried about his horse than about her, Duke discovers his horse Sammy's blanket has been borrowed by Molly and is furious with her when Sammy catches cold.
Giving up, Molly goes home to New York and her waiting suitors, who are astounded when a tall cowboy suddenly shows up and carries Molly away.
Advertising executive Mickey Briggs is given 48 hours by his boss, Sutton, to come up with a campaign for client Luxemberg Beer and save the company from ruin.
Mickey neglects his wife, Janice, who once had been a "Miss Luxemberg" in a successful ad campaign featuring various attractive models.
Janice has just discovered she is expecting a baby, but is unable to inform Mickey, who is too distracted by work.
Even when they find time to go to a movie, John Wayne is on screen, being considerate to his screen wife (Angie Dickinson), which makes Janice weepy but Mickey finds unrealistic.
It does give Mickey an idea, however, for a campaign in which "Miss Luxemberg" is now "Mrs.
Luxemberg," enjoying family bliss.
Sutton loves it, then rejects all the applicants until he decides that Janice herself must return to be "Mrs.
Luxemberg".
Film footage of their real life is shot without Janice's knowledge.
All goes terribly wrong, with Janice instead suing Mickey for divorce and Sutton's company for $100,000.
After flirting with Mickey's wife, best pal Bob Sanders breaks the news that she's pregnant, which makes Mickey try harder to win her back.
On a cruise and in love again, the couple is startled to spot John Wayne on board, arguing with his wife.
Stacy (Lea Thompson) has a promiscuous past and, after learning of the AIDS epidemic, she wants to find a guy whom she knows is clean.
She convinces her childhood friend Melissa (Victoria Jackson) to go to a health spa (or resort) for singles so that they can hopefully each find the man of their dreams.
As a concierge gift, they receive a basket filled with condoms.
At the spa, Stacy meets Nick (Stephen Shellen), a struggling musician whom she is taken with, and also encounters Vinny, aka the Vin Man (Andrew Dice Clay), an annoying Italian-American man from New Jersey whom she tries to avoid.
At the resort's International Night, the men and women all take miniature flags of various countries and put them in plunger-shaped hats, then meet the person with the identical national flag.
After becoming demoralized by a bad experience at the flag party, Melissa writes a letter that she leaves for Stacy saying she is returning to LA.
However, Melissa connects with a spa staff member, Jamie (Jerry Levine), who has taken an apparent liking to her and yet who is very sweet, respectful and supportive of her.
Some days later, when they are intimate, she experiences her very first orgasm.
Meanwhile, Stacy finds Melissa's letter to her and, thinking that Melissa has left the resort alone in frustration, immediately returns to LA herself via the 2:00pm bus, not knowing that Melissa has remained at the resort.
Stacy had taken Nick with her back to LA and, once there, falls back into old behavior patterns of being a crutch for men.
She lets Nick move in with her to try to get his fledgling music career off the ground.
However, Stacy soon realizes that Nick's quirky habits (eg, not having a checking account or a credit card, carrying all his personal belongings in plastic trash bags) and idiosyncratic ways of thinking (not having his life together at this age and stage of life) are things that she cannot adapt to.
She realizes that she actually doesn't really like him or see him as the man she thought he was back at the resort.
Upon learning that Melissa is back at the resort and never even left, she hurriedly rents a pink Cadillac and drives all the way back, where she accidentally walks in on Melissa in bed with Jamie.
Outside the room, Melissa tells Stacy about Jamie and how they have bonded with one another.
Stacey is relieved that Melissa is in good spirits now and is thrilled that she and Jamie have found each other.
Then Stacy tells Melissa that she realizes she made a big mistake with Nick and realizes she has to end it with him.
Stacy finds the fortitude within herself to take the drive back to LA to tell Nick that their relationship will not work and that he must leave her apartment and her life.
Leaving the resort, she comes across Vinny waiting near the exit with his luggage in tow.
He flags her down and begs her to let him in the car so she can drop him off at the nearest bus station.
He wants to leave the health resort as well and, without prompting, Vinny promises not to come on to her or do anything else of the sort.
Reluctantly, Stacy lets him get into the car with her but, this time, he does not come on to her or act pushy and desperate.
Instead, on the drive to the bus station, they speak frankly and candidly with each other about their disappointment with their experience at the health resort.
Vinny lets his guard down and speaks plainly about how he really just doesn't understand the world of male and female relationships and how it all works.
He asks Stacy, "How do you do it, this male, female, relationship thing.
How do you do it.
" Stacy shares that she is in "relationship hell" at the moment, which surprises Vinny (as he is and has been enamored of Stacy thus far, viewing her as a very desirable woman and an all-around winner).
When she asks him what he looks for in a woman, she is touched by what he shares with her and gets a new, enlightened view of him (ie, that there is more to Vinny than the desperate, pathetic, trying-too-hard act she saw in him at the resort).
Upon returning to New Jersey and thereafter, Vinny experiences changes in his attitude toward women and how he sees his life moving forward.
He keeps in touch with Stacy via handwritten letters, sharing with her the epiphanies he is experiencing and how he is becoming a different person and his life is advancing and improving.
Meanwhile, back in her home, Stacy has confronted Nick and told him their relationship won't work.
Nick is taken aback, acts hurt, and defiantly says that he sees himself as on the way to making it big in the music business and way beyond even what she can ever envision and that she will regret her decision.
She wishes him the best and he storms out with his belongings.
At this point, Stacy is relieved that it has ended and she is determined to take a break from men-at-large for an unspecified span of time to sort things out in her head.
Some time later, Stacy visits Melissa and Jamie, who now live together in their own home.
At the end of the evening, Stacy says goodbye to Melissa and Jamie.
She walks home by herself, where she finds Vinny waiting for her in a fancy limousine.
He has gone into business for himself running a limousine service and owns a whole fleet of limousines.
He shares with Stacy that he started driving from his home in New Jersey just to take a drive and, the next thing he knew, he found himself in Chicago, Illinois.
He then asked himself, "Vinny, where are you going.
" He says he realized that he was driving to see Stacy.
He wound up driving all the way from New Jersey to southern California just to see her.
Stacy is taken with this and yet, when he asks her if she'd like to talk or go someplace together, she initially is hesitant and says to him that it was very late.
Vinny, being a gentleman this time (in contrast with their past times together) acts with reserve and respectfully takes her cue.
Stacy apparently is moved by this and, seeing how he drove all the way from New Jersey to California just to see her, she calls out to him and says that, if he likes, he can come home with her and she can make him breakfast.
He pauses a bit, turns around, and says that he is rather hungry, accepts her invitation, and even offers to be the one who makes breakfast.
He says he has a gift for her.
He walks over to the limousine, opens the door, reaches in, and presents an adorable Golden Retriever puppy to Stacy.
She falls in love with Vinny while the puppy is licking her face.
They leave together with the new puppy.
The scene now moves six years ahead and shows Melissa and Jamie ringing the doorbell of Stacy's home for a social gathering.
Stacy and Vinny are now married with two small boys and a fully-grown Golden Retriever.
As Vinny is greeting Jamie with his two boys and dog and having a great time with all, Stacy and Melissa are at a distance standing together and looking toward their two significant others.
They playfully tease each other as they always have throughout their many years as friends.
Stacy says to Melissa, "There's your boyfriend".
Melissa replies, "So what, there's yours".
Finally, Stacy says to the camera, "Yeah, that's my boyfriend".
They have each become content and fulfilled women who have both finally found the man of their dreams.
They both smile and hug one another and the film ends.
Frank (Brent Florence) is a Northern California 20-year-old who has just been dumped by his girlfriend.
He and his slacker buddies Joey (Kenny Luper) and Neil (Christian Leffler) want to escape their small town but lack the funds.
To finance their escape, they rob the local bingo tournament, and although their haul was small, the three decide to go to the big city anyway.
On the road, their car breaks down.
They then take Hope (Tracy Zahoryin) and her boyfriend Dave (Josh Holland) as hostages.
The group is being pursued by two bumbling cops.
Singing-and-dancing stage star Julie (Betty Grable) is told that husband Marty (Jack Lemmon) is reported missing in action during Korea.
After a long waiting period, she makes plans to marry Vernon (Gower Champion), who is Marty's best friend.
After the marriage, Marty (who crashed but survived on an island) turns up at one of Julie's shows.
Upon discovering Julie's new marriage, Marty demands his rights as her first husband.
Julie finds that she is legally married to both Marty and Vernon.
She soon realises that she must choose who she wants to be with, if only to avoid being branded a bigamist.
But Julie loves the idea of having two husbands and so she decides to try to live with them both, to the annoyance and disapproval of Marty and Vernon who both know that her idea will not work out.
Meanwhile, Julie's close friend Gwen (Marge Champion) has a secret crush on Marty and hopes to be with him, if only Julie could make her up mind as to who she wants.
After a long serious decision and a talk with them both, Julie decides that she is more in love with Marty and she leaves Vernon, who has now fallen for Gwen.
On her way to New York to find financial backing for her impoverished country, the Ruritanian Kingdom of Taronia, Princess "Zizzi" Catterina (Sylvia Sidney) falls ill with the mumps and has to be quarantined for a month.
In desperation, financier Richard Gresham (Edward Arnold), who is planning to issue $50 million in Taronian bonds, hires unemployed lookalike actress Nancy Lane (Sidney again) to impersonate the princess, and offers her a large bonus if she changes the mind of the chief opponent of the financial transaction, newspaper publisher Porter Madison III (Cary Grant).
Because she married an international playboy, Ellie Andrews (June Allyson) is kidnapped by her own father, Texas cattleman Andrews (Charles Bickford).
She escapes, managing to evade his nationwide search for her with the help of Peter Warne (Jack Lemmon), a jobless reporter, who sees himself getting the biggest story of the year - until he and Ellie fall in love.
When Ellie suspects Peter has sold her out, she returns home.
Realizing his daughter really loves the newspaperman, Andrews tries to persuade Ellie to run away again, this time from her own wedding ceremony.
Who will Ellie choose, her husband or the man who has stolen her heart.
Jack Lemmon stars as the playboy landlord Hogan, a swinging bachelor.
Women are mere playthings to him, plus he's a master con man.
His bachelor pad is a holy temple of seduction: blood-red walls, African sculptures, a well-stocked cocktail bar, a switch-operated fireplace, and mechanized violins that play romantic music at the touch of a button.
He walks around wearing a scarlet cardigan (with matching socks and shirts) and a devilish smirk.
As the landlord of a Californian apartment block, he only rents rooms to gorgeous single women at just $75 a month.
The film begins as Irene (Adams), a recently divorced tenant, has just concluded a relationship with Hogan.
She's moving out of the apartment with the assistance of her friend Charles (Lansing).
It is immediately snapped up by her naive niece, Robin (Lynley).
Hogan is thrilled at the prospect of yet another beautiful tenant to seduce, but is initially unaware that Robin's short-tempered, frustrated, bumbling boyfriend David (Jones) is moving in with her—but in a 'platonic' capacity only, to determine their compatibility.
Temptation is naturally there, but Hogan does his best to prevent David and Robin from consummating their relationship.
Irene, who has only lately come to realize the extent of Hogan's promiscuity, is determined to prevent him from getting his hands on her niece.
Irene confronts him at his barber, and Hogan is self-defensive and self-deluded to comic effect.
An older married couple, handyman Murphy (Lynde) and maid Dorcas (Coca) work for Hogan, he the stereotypical harried husband, she the stereotypical loud and overbearing wife.
Irene's counsel/advice (about 'what love is') to the young couple at the end of the film is particularly moving, when considering Edie Adams had lost her real-life husband, Ernie Kovacs, the previous year.
The peace and quiet enjoyed by the residents of the exclusive neighborhood of Rock Bay, Long Island is disturbed by a newspaper gossip column tidbit that one of their maids is writing a tell-all book about her employers.
Since the author is not identified, each family fears that its secrets will be aired in public.
Among those confused and distraught are dr Sommerfield (Melville Cooper) and his wife Sophia (Spring Byington).
Their teenage daughter Miranda (Virginia Weidler), however, is thrilled.
Their longtime cook mrs McKessic (Marjorie Main) arranges a meeting of the neighborhood servants, in which they decide to band together against the attempts by many of their employers to spy on them to learn who the writer is.
The author is the Sommerfields' young maid Martha Lindstrom (Marsha Hunt).
She secretly visits her publisher, Joel Archer (Allyn Joslyn), to try to get him to stop planting stories in the newspapers to generate interest in the upcoming book.
When the Sommerfields' son, Jeff (Richard Carlson), returns unexpectedly after a year and a half away studying the Eskimos, he introduces the family to his new fiancee, mathematician Sylvia Norwood (Frances Drake).
This upsets Martha greatly, although she manages to hide it.
It turns out that just before he left on his expedition, Jeff got drunk and married Martha.
When he sobered up, he had second thoughts.
As he had to leave almost immediately, he gave Martha money to get an annulment or a divorce.
Unbeknownst to him, she did not do so, as she was in love with him.
Instead, she took night classes to make herself more acceptable to his social class.
Jeff is surprised to find her still working for his family.
When he discovers they are still married, he insists she get the marriage dissolved so he can wed Sylvia.
To complicate her life even further, both Archer and local Casanova and handyman Danny O'Brien (Barry Nelson) are strongly attracted to Martha.
She is tempted by Archer, as Jeff shows no signs of returning her feelings for him.
Finally, Archer crashes the Sommerfields' dinner party, and is provoked by the guests' harsh comments into stating first that he will be publishing the book and then that Martha is the author.
After the last revelation, Martha flees with Archer in his car.
Jeff realizes he loves her; he chases and catches her, and they are reconciled.
Josephine Evans (Mary Astor) and Professor Michael Kingsley (Herbert Marshall) are in a romantic relationship, something not approved of by Evan's two children.
They try to disrupt the relationship with salacious incidents taken from their mother's fiction books, presenting them as true things their mother has done, hoping Kingsley would be displeased.
It's 1738, and Gracie Alden (Gracie Allen) of the powerful Alden family fails to graduate from the college founded by her grandfather for the ninth year in a row, so he leaves it in his will to the first female of the family to graduate within 200 years.
At the deadline, in 1938, another Gracie Alden, the last girl of the line, is having trouble with her studies, so she hires fast-talking Bud Brady (Bob Hope) to help her.
Her efforts are opposed by woman-hating professor Hubert Dash (Edward Everett Horton) and his secretary George Jones (George Burns), who don't want to see their beloved college fall into the hands of an empty-headed nit-wit like Gracie.
When by hook and by crook Gracie manages to pass her exam and becomes the owner of the college, she does away with entrance exams, hires a bunch of incompetent but kooky teachers, and turns the place into a jumpin' jitterbugging joint complete with swing bands and remote radio broadcasts.
Samantha (Courteney Cox) is a travel journalist who is still recovering from the break-up with her last boyfriend, when her psychiatrist (Carol Kane) ironically suffers a nervous breakdown.
While Samantha is canceling her appointments, her new neighbor (David James Elliott) comes for a session.
Having never met the real dr Rosenberg, she poses as her shrink in an attempt to steer him away from his girlfriend and towards her.
Because of her new situation, Samantha ends up seeing a few of dr Rosenberg's other patients, including eccentric magazine salesman Henry (David Arquette).
Thus leading her to question her life, including whether her 'perfect man' is actually what she truly desires after all.
The film begins in a little Indian village named "Harenmahkeester", where we are introduced to Guru Pitka talking into his recorder which allows him to sound like a man, a woman, or Morgan Freeman.
He is the #2 Guru in the world, next to Deepak Chopra.
A flashback shows us that Pitka is an orphan of missionaries in India.
Both Pitka and Chopra were taught by Guru Tugginmypudha.
Pitka says he wants to become a Guru so that girls will love him, so Tugginmypudha puts a chastity belt on him until he can learn that loving himself is more important than being loved by others.
Pitka's dream is to become the number #1 Guru and to get on The Oprah Winfrey Show.
He lives a charmed life scooting around on his mobile pillow.
He has thousands of followers, including celebrities like Jessica Simpson, Val Kilmer and Mariska Hargitay (Pitka's mantra is "Mariska Hargitay").
We attend one of his teachings, which involve a lot of acronyms and plays on words in a PowerPoint slide show (ie, "guru" meaning "gee, you are you" and going from "Nowhere to Now Here").
Pitka has a gorgeous palace with a beautiful female staff, helicopter, elephants, and a servant, Rajneesh, who squeezes fresh orange juice out of a tree for Pitka and has an ostrich lay his morning egg for him.
Meanwhile, in Canada, Jane Bullard's father died and left her the Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team.
They have not won a Stanley Cup since she took over so the city hates her.
Her star player, Darren Roanoke, the Tiger Woods of Hockey, has been playing poorly ever since his wife Prudence left him for a well endowed French Canadian, Jacques "Lè Cocq" Grandè, who plays for the rival Los Angeles Kings.
He has a tattoo on his abdomen that reads "The Legend" with an arrow pointing down.
When Pitka is introduced to Jane Bullard, he imagines a Bollywood musical fantasy with her in it.
Jane is a big fan of Pitka's, having read all of his books.
She is paying him 2 million dollars to patch up Darren's marriage, in time to win the Stanley Cup.
Pitka's agent, Dick Pants, is thrilled and says that if Pitka patches up the marriage, Oprah will have him on her show.
Pitka has an acronym, DRAMA, tattoed on his hand.
D represents Distraction.
Guru Tugginmypudha taught him the lesson of distraction with the use of his own urine.
Pitka encourages the rival team to beat Darren up during a game, thus distracting him from his emotional distress over Prudence and Le Cocq.
Darren begins to play well but then gets suspended for the next two games after beating up Le Cocq and hitting Coach Cherkov with a hockey puck.
There is a meeting in the Coach's tiny office, complete with mini water cooler, where they argue about the situation.
Later, Pitka has dinner with Jane, gets her to move in for a kiss, only to hear a ding on his chastity belt.
He tells her it can not be, and she does not understand and runs out.
Next, Pitka tells Darren to write an apology note to Prudence.
Pitka gets in a huge fight with Le Cocq's guard rooster in order to deliver the note.
The R in Drama is Regression.
Apparently Darren is afraid of his mother.
They confront her at her Church choir but she ends up scaring both Pitka and Darren out of the church with her harsh words.
Pitka helps Darren realise that since his mother only showed him love when he succeeded he had grown to believe others like Prudence would only love him as long as he won.
Time is running out, so Pitka skips through the rest of the acronym.
He distracts Le Cocq with his idol, Celine Dion, then lies to Prudence, telling her Darren stood up to his mom, getting her to go back to Darren.
At the last game.
Le Cocq, having overheard that Darren cannot play with his mother in the audience, gets Darren's mother to sing the national anthem, causing Darren to run out of the game.
Meanwhile, Pitka is at the airport, on his way to the Oprah show.
He sees the news on TV and defies his agent by going to the game to help Darren, as well as show Jane (who manages to stand up to the angry crowd) his chastity belt.
After smoothing things over with his mother, Darren is OK again until Le Cocq says Prudence also said "Damn" to him in bed.
Darren freezes and Pitka realizes he needs to distract Darren from whatever is troubling him.
Pitka gets two elephants to have sex in the middle of the rink, in front of millions of TV audience, which distracts Le Cocq and helps Darren wake up from his stupor and score the winning goal.
After the game, Pitka makes up with Jane and Coach Cherkov, then meets Deepak Chopra and decides that he is fine with being the first Guru Pitka instead of the next Deepak Chopra.
and everyone lives happily ever after.
Back in the Indian village, Guru Tugginmypudha tells Pitka that he has finally learned to love himself and removes Pitka's chastity belt, as there was a hook in the back.
Jane and Pitka kiss.
The ending is a rendition of the Steve Miller Band song "The Joker" with Jane and Pitka dancing Indian musical style.
Julie (Vanessa Williams), a successful Manhattan reporter-turned-columnist in her mid-40s believes she has it all - a great job, a rent controlled apartment, a boyfriend (Michael Boatman) and best of all, an adorable six-year-old son named Jake, whom she conceived via an anonymous sperm donor.
Her perfect world, however, is rocked when she’s called in for an emergency parent-teacher conference and learns that her son has been acting up, needs to be ‘tested,’ and is on the brink of expulsion.
Overwhelmed, Julie instinctively blames herself easily since her mother (Eartha Kitt) has made her feel inadequate for not being a stay-at-home mom.
Julie, however, will not concede that her mother could be right, so she places genetic blame on Jake’s anonymous father.
Through a private investigator, Julie learns the identity of the donor and meets him – Paul (Kevin Daniels), a struggling actor and law school dropout.
Julie has neither intention nor desire to reveal her identity to him, she simply needs to check her sources, get the facts, and move on.
Jake instantly bonds with Paul, however, and no matter how hard Julie tries to keep Paul from complicating her life, the more he begins to fall for her, and she finds she too is falling badly for him even while her boyfriend is pushing to set a wedding date.
Max Tracey is the head waiter at a London hotel.
He falls in love at first sight with Sylvia Robertson, an aristocratic woman, and poses as a prince to win her love.
In this venture, he is aided by mr Westlake, a Ruritanian monarch who owes him a favour.
When Sylvia discovers Max's deception, she is appalled, but the situation is resolved when her father tells her that he was once a hotel dishwasher.
38-year-old father Will Hayes is in the midst of a divorce.
After her first sex-ed class, his 10-year-old daughter Maya insists on hearing the story of how her parents met.
Will reluctantly gives in, but decides to change the names and some of the facts relating to the various love affairs of his youth, thereby creating a love mystery; Maya is left guessing which of the women will turn out to be her mother.
The story he tells Maya is depicted in flashbacks.
From time to time the film switches back to the present, where Maya comments (often critically) and asks questions.
The story begins in 1992 when Will, an idealistic political operative, moves away from Wisconsin and his college sweetheart, Emily, to New York City, where he works on the Clinton campaign.
Over the years, Will becomes involved with three women who enter his life, including Summer Hartley, an aspiring journalist, and April the copy girl for the campaign.
Will and April have a chance meeting outside work, where Will reveals he is going to propose to Emily.
When Will practices his proposal to Emily on April, she is taken aback by Will's wholehearted words, and replies, "Definitely, maybe".
They go back to her apartment, where April has multiple copies of Jane Eyre in her collection, explaining that her father gave her a copy with an inscription in the front shortly before he died, and the book was later lost.
She has spent years looking through copies of Jane Eyre at secondhand stores hoping to find the copy her father gave her, but she buys any copy she finds that has an inscription.
They kiss, but Will abruptly stops and leaves.
Emily comes back to New York where she confesses, just after Will proposes, that she slept with his roommate.
She did it on purpose to break up with Will, saying that she is "letting him go" because she does not share his passionate ambitions.
After Clinton is elected, Will opens a campaigning business with most of his work colleagues, which enjoys a good amount of success.
Before Will left Wisconsin, Emily asked Will to deliver a package to her former roommate, Summer Hartley, who is living in New York City.
Will first meets Summer when he gives her the package, a diary that she wrote when she was a teenager (which, among other things, tells of her brief affair with Emily).
He finds she is going out with a famous writer who is old enough to be her father.
The writer breaks up with Summer, and Will starts a relationship with her.
April quits her job and leaves to travel around the world.
When she returns, she plans to tell Will that she loves him, but discovers that he is planning to propose marriage to Summer.
April half-heartedly congratulates him instead.
Summer writes an offensive article about one of Will's clients.
Will cannot forgive this conflict of interest, and he ends his relationship with Summer.
As a result of the article, Will loses his business and his dream of a political career ends, with all of his friends abandoning him.
April calls after a long absence and finds that Will has a new job, but is despondent and depressed, feelings further exacerbated when she reveals she has a new boyfriend named Kevin.
She throws a birthday party for him, reuniting him with his old colleagues.
Will gets drunk and confesses his growing romantic feelings for April, but he starts an argument with her when he implies that she is wasting her life working in a book store.
Some time later, Will passes a used book store and finds the copy of Jane Eyre that April has been seeking with the note from her father.
Will goes to April's apartment to give her the book, but he decides against it when he meets Kevin, who is now living with her.
Emily moves to New York City, and she and Will rekindle their relationship after a run-in at a party of Summer's they both were attending.
Maya correctly guesses that "Emily" is her mother.
Maya states that it is unfortunate that the story has a sad ending, but Will explains that the story has a happy ending: Maya.
Will learns that April is single again, and he attempts to give her the copy of Jane Eyre.
When she discovers that he has been holding onto the book for years, she grows upset and asks him to leave.
Maya is happy to have figured out the story, but she realizes that her father still loves April: he changed the name of her mother, Sarah, to Emily in the story, and the name of Natasha to Summer, but he did not change April's name.
Maya makes Will have an epiphany, realizing that he is miserable without April.
On the spur of the moment they take a taxi to go meet April.
April does not let them into her apartment.
As they walk away, April runs out and asks about the story.
Will confesses to April that he held on to the copy of Jane Eyre because it was the only thing he had left of her.
April hugs Will and takes them in to hear the story.
As Maya passes through the doorway, April jumps into Will's arms and kisses him.
Marion is a French-born photographer living in New York City with her neurotic, hypochondriacal, chain-smoking, heavily tattooed American interior designer boyfriend Jack.
After a markedly unromantic trip to Venice, which was planned to re-ignite the passion in their relationship, they take a night train to Paris to pick up Marion's cat from her parents and decide to stay for two days.
Jack is startled to learn Marion has remained in contact with numerous ex-lovers and becomes increasingly uncomfortable due to the language barrier and a multitude of her old flames she keeps meeting.
Meanwhile, Marion wrestles with her own insecurities about love, relationships, and her impulsive nature.
Romolo (Maurizio Arena) and Salvatore (Renato Salvatori) are two young men that are neighbors and friends.
They live with their parents in Piazza Navona in Rome.
They are poor but handsome, and both fall in love with the beautiful Giovanna (Marisa Allasio).
After having briefly flirted in quick succession with both friends (a situation which severely strains their feelings of comradeship), Giovanna realizes she's still in love with Ugo, her previous boyfriend, and returns with him.
Romolo and Salvatore, their friendship recovered, ultimately get simultaneously engaged with each other's sister.
Danny, an acclaimed singer and songwriter, falls in love with a socialite girl who is just playing around.
He doesn't realize that his girl-Friday is the one he really loves until it is almost too late.
Although he is awestruck by high society, he overhears the girl's admission that she is stringing him along just in time to avoid marriage.
Danny is notably Jewish, and among the issues the movie raises is his temptation to assimilate into the larger culture.
The film is an adaptation of a play that riffed on the real-life relationship between songwriter Irving Berlin and Long Island socialite Ellin Mackay, which was all over the gossip columns in the late 1920s.
Mackay's millionaire father cut her off and did not speak to her for years because, after a long courtship, she married Berlin, who was Jewish.
(Unlike the fickle debutante in the film, Mackay stayed with Berlin, and their marriage lasted over sixty years)  The film is played against a theatrical backdrop, and contains many songs and production numbers.
Amy is a single 29 year old Jewish woman.
She wrote a successful self-help book about how women can't truly be in love and experience "mental orgasm".
Her parents and acquaintances always try to give her advice.
Eventually, she breaks her celibacy and starts dating radio shock jock Matthew Starr, who is known for hitting on his bimbo guests.
Of all men, will she find in him the true love she never believed in or will he prove her worst fears true.
The film follows the relationship between Bob (Alexis Arquette) and Brendan (Christian Maelen), roommates at George Washington University in Washington, DC, five years after Bob made his romantic feelings toward Brendan known.
When the two reconnect at the wedding of college friends, Bob is in a serious relationship with a soap opera star Sterling Scott (Tuc Watkins) while Brendan is single and re-examining his own identity.
In flying school, lazy Private Archie Hall (Robert Mitchum) somehow dominates everyone around him, fellow trainees, sergeants and officers alike, and manages to avoid doing any work.
Bill Bowers (Jack Webb), a Hollywood screenwriter in civilian life, becomes his sidekick.
An initially hostile, suspicious trio of privates, Sam Beacham (Louis Nye), Russell Drexler (Joe Flynn) and Frank Ostrow (Del Moore), are penalized for opposing him and eventually smarten up and become his pals as well.
Archie exudes so much self-confidence that Master Sergeant Stanley Erlenheim (Robert Strauss) becomes convinced that he is an undercover G-2 (counterintelligence) general.
Erlenheim and his underling, Sergeant Malcolm Greenbriar (Harvey Lembeck), arrange it so that Archie and his buddies are given permanent passes and a personal jeep, so they can leave the training base whenever they please.
Archie sees Cindy Hamilton (France Nuyen) every night, while Bill pairs off with Peggy Kramer (Martha Hyer).
Archie also arranges for the three other privates to acquire gorgeous girlfriends as well.
As time goes by, Bill comes to suspect that Cindy is a Japanese spy, but he cannot get Archie to take it seriously (even though Cindy keeps giving him money in outsized old bills).
It turns out that Cindy actually is a spy, but for American counterintelligence, despite the opposition of her guardian, Colonel Edwin Martin, the base commander.
Sergeants Erlenheim and Greenbriar get into trouble when they break down the door of her apartment, thinking they will catch her in the act of reporting to the enemy, only to find her presenting her findings to Martin.
As the war winds down, requirements change and the trainees are given the choice of retraining to become either gunners or glider pilots.
Archie and Bill opt for the latter, despite the supposedly high casualty rate, so the other three do the same, only to discover that Archie and Bill have gotten themselves safe jobs at the base.
However, the war ends before any of them see combat.
Archie invites himself to spend a week with Bill in Hollywood.
Bill is shown hard at work in his tiny office at a film studio; Archie has somehow become his boss, and has just been promoted to head of the studio.
Bill jokes about seeing him in the White House.
A later newspaper headline states that Governor Hall has decided to run for president.
The film intertwines the story of four different couples and one threesome over the course of one sexual encounter, with specific chapters for each one: prelude, foreplay, sex, interlude, orgasm and afterglow.
Each couple represents a specific archetype.
The first out of five is called The Best Friends because the characters, Matt and Kristen, decide to become friends with benefits.
They discover romantic feelings for each other.
The second stereotype being The Couple.
Andrew and Abby, a long-time couple, are having trouble trying to put spice back into their lovelife and try something "new".
The third stereotype is labeled The Exes.
In it, Mia and Eric meet up for a one-off sexual encounter after having broken up some time back.
In the fourth stereotype, The First Date, Jamie brings her womanizing date Ken back to her apartment.
And in the final fifth stereotype, The Roommates, two friends are roommates and one friend tells the other to have sex with his girlfriend.
Dorky Andy (Jake Mosser), flamboyant Nico (Jonah Blechman), jock Jarod (Jimmy Clabots), and nerdy Griff (Aaron Michael Davies) reunite in Fort Lauderdale for spring break.
The plot revolves around a contest -- "Gays Gone Wild.
" — to see who can have sex with the most guys during the duration of spring break.
The winner will be crowned "Miss Gay Gone Wild".
While Andy seems to have no problem getting men to have sex with him, Nico hasn't been attracting men at all.
He has a frequent fantasy sequence involving a merman (Brent Corrigan).
Andy is troubled, however, when he falls hard for Luis (Euriamis Losada), a charming, handsome virgin.
Jarod and Griff are also having problems, as they have become a couple, and are conflicted over whether to enter the contest.
Meanwhile, a trio by the name of Jasper (Will Wikle, Brand Lim, and Isaac Webster) seem to be eager to win the contest by any means.
In a subplot, the guys meet Perez Hilton on an airplane.
Hilton pursues a young priest to the bathroom; he hits his head and becomes a religious zealot trying to suppress the gay activities.
He is later hit in the head again and changes back.
In New York City, high-strung equity trader Joy Ellis McNally (Cameron Diaz) is dumped by her fiancé at a surprise birthday party she throws for him.
At the same time, easy-going carpenter Jack Fuller (Ashton Kutcher) is fired from his job by his father, Jack, Sr.
(Treat Williams).
Both become emotionally distraught and, with best friends Toni "Tipper" (Lake Bell), a bartender, and Jeff "Hater" (Rob Corddry), a lawyer, take a debauched trip to Las Vegas.
Joy and Jack meet by chance when they are given the same hotel room because of a computer error.
After clearing up the misunderstanding and receiving upgraded rooms and coupons to various clubs, they party and drink together and end up getting married.
The next morning, they realize it was a mistake and decide to divorce.
Before they do so, Jack uses a quarter Joy gives him in a slot machine.
He hits a three million dollar jackpot and Joy reminds Jack that they are married and hence, she is entitled to half of the money.
The couple return to New York, where they attempt to divorce.
The judge (Dennis Miller) declares that the couple cannot divorce until they attempt to co-exist for six months, while attending weekly sessions with a marriage counselor (Queen Latifah).
If they work at the marriage but still want to divorce after six months, each will be permitted to keep half the winnings.
If either party does not cooperate, the money will be tied up in litigation by the judge.
The newlyweds devise more and more cunning schemes to undermine each other, such as Jack telling Joy that their counseling session is canceled to prove she's not committed, and Joy inviting girls to their apartment to try to get Jack to cheat on her, throwing a party where Jack's friend Dave shows up.
Jack gives Joy's ex-fiancé, Mason (Jason Sudeikis), her engagement ring back without Joy knowing.
At Joy's job retreat, Jack and Joy find themselves developing an unexpected attraction to one another, and they soon realize that being with each other has brought out the best in both of them.
After they get back from the retreat, it's time for the judge to decide what happens to the money.
On her way to the hearing, Joy sees her ex-fiancé Mason, and he tells her that he wants her back.
He gives her back the engagement ring and tells her that she is good enough for him.
Joy realizes that Jack set her up to get back with him, therefore cheating on him and letting Jack keep the money.
Joy walks away from Mason and goes to the hearing.
At the hearing, their marriage counselor testifies that the couple truly tried to work on their marriage.
The judge decides that they will split the remaining 14 million dollars (after taxes, bills Joy ran up, and money Jack spent on his new woodworking business).
Joy tells the judge she doesn't want any money and gives the engagement ring to Jack, telling him she officially doesn't want anything from him.
Jack realizes she knows that he talked to Mason.
Joy gets the promotion she'd been working for, but tells her boss she would rather be happy doing nothing than doing something she hates and being miserable.
Jack talks to his parents and they tell him it looks like he and Joy are in love.
Realizing his mistake, he goes to find her.
Tipper tells Jack that she quit her job and that nobody knows where she is.
He has a suspicion that she has gone to a beach (Fire Island, New York) that she told him about, the only place that makes her feel truly happy.
Jack asks her to be his wife (again) and she says yes.
As the two embrace, Joy says that she quit her job and has no idea what she's going to do.
Jack reminds her that they have a lot of money between them.
Joy states that they hit the jackpot, to which Jack replies that he certainly did (referring to both the money and to Joy).
During the credits, we see Tipper and Hater on the day Jack and Joy get married.
Tipper and Hater subsequently enact a plan of revenge on Mason, devised by Tipper earlier in the film.
Tipper and Hater ring Mason's doorbell, and when he answers, Tipper slugs him in his testicles.
He moans in agony and drops to his knees asking "Why.
", and she responds emphatically "You know why.
", and Tipper leaves with Hater.
Post-credits, Dave is telling Hater about a party that evening, but Hater no longer wants to associate with Dave, citing Jack as being "the glue" that held the two of them together as friends.
With that, Hater simply leaves.
Dave asks a random guy on the street if he likes to party.
Allgood Butts is a young promiscuous male hairdresser whose goal in life is to sleep with as many women as possible (already in the first scenes we are told he has slept with 389 women).
His guardian angel (played by Diane Flacks) does not approve of his philandering and confronts him while he has sex with his 390th woman, telling him that if he sleeps with another woman, he'll die.
Allgood's struggle with his temptation becomes even more difficult when two attractive women enter his life.
Jane Nichols (Katherine Heigl) has been a bridesmaid for 27 weddings.
One night when she is attending two weddings almost simultaneously, she meets Kevin Doyle (James Marsden), who helps her get home but disgusts her with his cynical views of marriage.
He finds her day planner in the cab they shared.
Meanwhile, Jane's sister Tess (Malin Åkerman) arrives from Europe and falls in love with Jane's boss George (Edward Burns) at first sight.
Tess pretends to like the same things that George does to get him to like her.
Despite being in love with George herself, Jane does not reveal the truth and her sister's courtship progresses rapidly.
Soon the new couple announce that they intend to marry in three weeks and Jane becomes the wedding planner.
The reporter who agrees to cover their wedding for the society page turns out to be Kevin, who writes wedding announcements under the pseudonym Malcolm Doyle.
After looking at the contents of Jane's planner, he decides to use the contents as material for a piece on the "perennial bridesmaid" and hopefully be promoted to writing investigative pieces about "real" news.
Jane is unaware of Kevin's intentions.
When he asks to interview her for his column on Tess, he gets her to try on all 27 bridesmaids dresses in her closet.
He takes pictures of her in all of them and sends them with the completed article to his boss.
As they get to know each other, Kevin begins to think that Jane is not as one-dimensional as he thought and asks his editor to hold his article so he can "fix" it.
When Kevin finds out that Jane is getting her sister's marriage fixed with the man she loves, he rebukes her.
Jane agrees to one drink with Kevin and ends up getting drunk.
Kevin and Jane kiss and have sex in the car.
The next morning, the two go to a diner and a waitress recognizes Jane.
Kevin's editor ran the article on the front page of the 'Commitments' section, despite Kevin and her settling to hold it for a while.
When Jane finds out about it, she feels betrayed and is furious at him.
Tess then gets angry at Jane for giving Kevin material about her, whom he describes as a bridezilla.
The fight escalates when Jane sees that Tess altered their late mother's wedding dress to her own style — the last straw on Tess' string of lies to George and demands on Jane.
Despite the fight, Tess asks Jane to make a slideshow for her engagement party.
Jane decides that George should know the truth about Tess and shows pictures of Tess with other men, eating ribs (as she claimed that she is a vegan, like George), holding a cat by the tail, and recoiling from George's dog (she told him that she loves dogs, but actually hates them) — in short, doing all the things she had told George that she never did.
After that, Pedro, the child George mentors, tells the crowd that Tess had him clean George's apartment for money.
George breaks off the engagement.
Jane's friend points out that telling the truth to George and breaking their engagement didn't make her feel better.
The next day, Jane confronts Tess to apologize.
She is still mad with Jane, as Tess believes that Jane resented her throughout the years.
Tess reveals that the reason she stayed in New York was because she got fired from her job and her boyfriend dumped her; she explains that when she met George she'd tried to be like Jane since she fell in love with him.
Later at work, George tells Jane that he appreciates her because she never says no.
Remembering that Kevin once said the same thing as a criticism, Jane quits and admits she only stayed at the job because she was in love with George.
She discovers after an experimental kiss that she no longer loves him and goes to meet Kevin.
She announces in front of a crowd at a wedding he is covering that she is in love with him.
One year later Jane and Kevin are getting married.
George and Tess meet again and a hope for a second chance shows.
All 27 brides who Jane helped, as well as Tess and Casey (Judy Greer, her best friend), are her bridesmaids, wearing the dresses she once wore as their bridesmaid.
Tambrey "Tammy" Tyree (Debbie Reynolds) is a seventeen-year-old girl living in a houseboat in Mississippi (within sight of Louisiana) with her Grandpa, John Dinwitty (Walter Brennan).
She runs around barefoot, dreaming of life outside of the swamp, and talking to her best friend, Nan, a goat.
One day in the swamp, Tammy and her grandfather locate the wreckage of a plane the grandfather had heard crash and discover the unconscious body of Peter Brent (Leslie Nielsen).
Tammy and her grandfather help Peter recover at their home, during which time Tammy falls in love with Peter.
However, he must return to his own home, but tells the grandfather that, if anything happened to the grandfather, Tammy would be welcome to come and stay with Peter at his spacious house.
Several weeks later, Tammy's grandfather is arrested for making moonshine.
With no one else to stay with, Tammy sets off for Brentwood Hall, Peter's home.
She arrives during a dance rehearsal and sees Peter with his friends.
When Peter's friend Ernie discovers Tammy outside of the party, Tammy tries to explain her grandfather's imprisonment; however, Peter misunderstands, and tells mrs Brent (Fay Wray) that Tammy's grandfather has died, leading the Brents to take her in.
Tammy learns that Peter is busy with "Brentwood #6", an experimental tomato he is growing in hopes of making Brentwood Hall self-sustaining once again.
After Tammy finally tells everyone that her grandfather isn't actually dead, mrs Brent is upset over Tammy announcing to everyone that she has a relative in jail.
However, Peter and his Aunt Renie convince Tammy to stay, leading her to sing of her love for Peter.
Peter's love interest drops by Brentwood Hall.
Her uncle wants Peter to stop experimenting with tomatoes and offers him a deal to come to work with him in the advertising business.
Peter turns down the offer.
That week is also Pilgrimage Week, which includes a ball and tours of Brentwood Hall, all while in costume.
Renie gives Tammy the dress Peter's great-grandmother wore.
mrs Brent and Renie suggest that Tammy pretend to be Great-Grandmother Cratchett for the evening.
At the Ball that night, Tammy tells a story for the guests, and enchants everyone, even mrs Brent.
That night, a hail storm hits Brentwood Hall and destroys all of the Brentwood #6s.
The next morning, Peter announces that he is going to accept the advertising offer, leading Tammy to run away.
Peter realizes he loves Tammy, finds Tammy's grandfather, and returns to the houseboat, where he kisses her.
Peaches (Mo'Nique), a hair stylist from Baltimore, and her estranged sister, Angela (Kellita Smith), the owner of an upscale salon in Beverly Hills, get reacquainted when Peaches decides to attend a celebration for Angela in Los Angeles.
The reunion is bittersweet and worsens when Angela finds out that Peaches is on the run from the IRS and only has 60 days to pay $50,000 in back taxes.
After some hilarious moments and passionate exchanges, the two sisters join forces to fight off a pesky rival salon owner Marcella (Gina Torres) and save Peaches from her troubles by competing for a lucrative cash prize and bragging rights at the city's annual hair show.
The film is about a Jewish man named Robert John (Amana) who falls in love with a wrestling princess Sandy and it's a "no holds barred" quest for her love, the Jewish man finds he has to fight for his love as Sandy's dad is also a wrestler who only wants his daughter to marry a famous wrestler, and not a Jewish man with little money and no muscles.
Robert also has to deal with Roxanne (Laurer) and Jennie (Marshall) along with others out to get him.
The story revolves around a group of people who work at a sandwich shop (that sells ten inch heroes/the sandwiches).
The main cast of characters are: Shortly after Piper begins her job, she sees 8 year-old Julia with her father Noah at the beach.
The three meet and Piper introduces herself as "Anna", in case Noah remembers her distinctive name from the adoption process.
She quickly bonds with Julia over their shared love of art and drawing, leading to Julia asking Piper to become her art tutor.
Piper also immediately hits it off with Noah, and she learns that Julia's mother is not in their lives anymore, though Noah is vague about the circumstances.
Meanwhile, Tish has met Tadd, and greatly enjoys her time with him, though she thinks it odd that he is almost inseparable from his friend Brad.
Fuzzy22 has asked Jen to meet him in person, to which she reluctantly agrees, though Jen is very nervous&mdash;she and Fuzzy22 had agreed to not exchange any identifying information, so she has no idea how old he is, what he looks like, or if he is male or female.
Before the trip, Noah asks Piper out on a date, to which she agrees, although she says she has some things to tell him first.
Piper, Tish and Jen go on their trip to meet up with Fuzzy22, but after they finally arrive at the meeting point, Jen sees that Fuzzy22 is an extremely handsome young man.
She balks and runs away without meeting him, and she confesses to Piper and Tish that someone like Fuzzy22 could never like someone like her, because she is according to herself not very attractive.
She asserts that the very conventionally attractive Tish and Piper don't know what it feels like to always be ignored and pushed aside because she's not pretty.
She cares a great deal about Fuzzy22, and feels that a man as attractive as he is would, upon seeing her, become disappointed and uninterested and she could not bear that from him.
Although the two friends try to convince Jen to go back and meet with him, she refuses, so they drive back to Santa Cruz.
Piper goes out on a date with Noah, and she prepares to tell him the truth about herself, but he first wants to share something: the reason he has been reluctant to talk about Julia's mother is that she lives on the east coast and severely abused Julia, leading to divorce and a court order that the mother is not allowed to contact Julia until her 18th birthday.
During this conversation, Piper finds out that Julia is not adopted, and that Noah and his ex-wife are Julia's birth-parents.
Realizing that Julia isn't the daughter she gave up, she runs away, upset, leaving behind a very confused Noah.
Tish and Tadd are in bed together, when Brad shows up and attempts to turn the coupling into a threesome.
Tish becomes very upset and Tadd speaks of her contemptuously.
The two men try to coerce her into having sex with them, and a now frightened Tish tries to run away but is held back by Tadd.
They scuffle, and this leads to Tish hitting her head on a dresser.
She runs away and appears the next day at work with a bandaid on her forehead to conceal the bruise.
Tadd shows up to take her out, and she confronts him about what he did to her, but he is scornful and unrepentant.
Tish asserts that he and Brad are gay, but will not admit it to themselves so they use the pretense of a threesome to have sex with each other.
This infuriates the homophobic Tadd, and he hits her.
Priestly attacks Tadd and is injured.
The normally laid-back Trucker then arrives and subdues Tadd with heretofore undisplayed advanced fighting techniques, contradicting Trucker's surfer hippie laid-back persona.
Trucker takes everyone back to his home and admits that he was never a surf child who went to Woodstock, but that actually he was a very macho guy who served three tours in Vietnam, where he killed more people than he could count and learned deadly fighting skills.
He then returned to the United States and was lost and traumatized, until he met surfers and decided to live a peaceful lifestyle.
He vowed never to commit any violence against a human being again.
He shows Piper, Jen, Tish, and Priestly his high school yearbook, demonstrating that he was captain of the football team and class president.
When he's talking with Tish, he asks her to start dating nice guys, but Tish, quickly glancing at Priestly, says that good guys don't ask girls like her out.
Jen, leafing through Trucker's yearbook, excitedly calls everyone's attention to a photo of Zo.
Trucker realizes he doesn't have to hide his past from Zo because she already knows who he really is.
He finally works up the courage to ask her out, to which she happily agrees.
She has had a crush on him since high school, when she was a shy freshman, and even though it is decades later, she says that many still carry high school within themselves, so she could never show Trucker how she felt despite now being a confident and secure woman.
Piper and Noah have another talk, and he forgives her for lying and asks her if she still wants to be a part of the family.
She happily agrees.
At the shop, a homeless man comes in and tells Jen that he thinks she's really pretty, and that she's exactly who he had hoped she'd be.
He then removes his homeless disguise and reveals himself to be Fuzzy22.
He introduces himself to Jen and they happily hug.
Priestly reveals that when Jen forgot to log off the computer one night, he talked to Fuzzy22 and told him the situation and how to meet Jen.
The next day, Priestly comes to the shop and is almost unrecognizable, dressed in Banana Republic khakis and an Oxford shirt, piercings removed, his hair parted down the middle with bright colors washed out, tattoos mostly hidden, and no punk makeup, and finally asks Tish out.
He had been hinting throughout the movie that he was interested in her, but was frustrated because she seemed to never notice him and she was wasting her time with shallow relationships with guys she could manipulate, rather than seeking emotional intimacy.
She agrees to go out on a date with him but only on the condition that he tell her his first name, which turns out to be Boaz.
She then reveals that her first name is actually Platisha.
The movie ends with all the new couples at the beach for Zo and Trucker's commitment ceremony to each other, at which they arrive riding horses, naked.
Jake Bianski is the owner of a fish market in the North End of Boston, Massachusetts.
For the past eight years he actively has pursued his former girlfriend Isabella, despite the fact she is married and has three children.
Anxious to put an end to their boss' obsession with his one-time love, Steve Bottino and Gianluca Tempesti arrange for him to meet veterinarian Marisa Costa at a dance for singles at the local Italian club.
On their first date, a deluded Jake confesses he is involved with another woman and suggests he and Marisa become friends rather than lovers.
After years of rejecting Jake's advances, Isabella finally leaves her husband, and she and her children move into Jake's small apartment above his fish store.
Before long, her husband has convinced her to return home, and Jake finally admits he and Isabella have no future together.
He follows Marisa to Italy, where he discovers she is involved with another man, but once again Jake refuses to accept reality and, determined to win her back, he begins to woo Marisa.
As a street painter paints out a white line in the middle of a road, Penelope is being chased by a dog and runs right under the paint tank, getting a white line across her spine whilst the dog crashes into the tank and painter.
Upset with the dog for making a mess of his work, the painter kicks the dog down the hill.
Pepé emerges from a fishing boat, scaring the boatman and sinking the boat.
Pepé spies Penelope on a beach.
He rushes and catches her with a few smooches while she wriggles her way out.
As she scurries away, Pepé grabs her tail and rides it until he slams into a post.
After a bit of daydreaming, Pepé resumes his chase.
Pepé pursues Penelope but slips on the sand and falls down a sea cliff into the sea.
As Penelope reaches the rocks below, Pepé emerges, embracing her and offering to get her a glass of water.
When Pepé returns with the glass of water, he finds she has run off.
Pepé finds, embraces and kisses Penelope on a boat but Penelope makes her escape in the sea with a diving mask and oxygen tank.
Pepé follows, wearing a mask and flippers but no oxygen tank (being a skunk, he can hold his breath for a long time).
A shark approaches and eats Pepé, but Pepé's stink makes the shark spit him out and flee on the beach.
For a long time Penelope swims under the sea until sunset where she surfaces to find a nearby island.
As she removes her diving gear, she finds Pepé waiting for her.
As Pepé endlessly chases Penelope, the island is revealed to be heart-shaped from birdseye view.
Priya Sethi (Shriya Saran) indulges her infatuation with American culture by working nights (while Americans are at work, on the other side of the world) at the Citi One Bank Card call center in Mumbai, India.
Speaking in a perfect American English accent, she tells her customers her name is Jennifer David and a native of San Francisco.
Her conservative father Rajeev (Anupam Kher) is unhappy that she is so eager to forsake her own culture for another, but will be pleased when she goes through with her arranged marriage to wealthy but childishly dull Vikram.
Priya, posing as Jennifer David, happens to call the handsome and charming Granger Woodruff (Jesse Metcalfe) to help him with the fraudulent charges on his credit card.
Priya and Granger have an instant connection over the phone.
Unable to suppress the intrigue their easy chemistry offers, Priya agrees to meet Granger in San Francisco.
When Priya goes to the meeting place, he doesn't recognize her.
As she is attempting to check out of the hotel, they stumble into each other and finally meet, but Priya does not tell him that she is Jennifer.
They immediately hit it off and he invites her out to dinner.
Priya and Granger's relationship blossoms as they share a wonderfully romantic date the following day.
They tour the City by the Bay by cable car, sample some especially spicy curry (much to his chagrin), and nearly—but not quite—kiss with the Golden Gate Bridge as a backdrop.
Improbably, they are falling in love.
However, Priya's family has arrived to bring their wayward daughter home a la Coming to America and elude the shame of her escapades.
Granger struggles with himself mentally for having abandoned Jennifer David for Priya instead, but still doesn't know that the Priya and Jennifer are the same person.
Meanwhile, both lovers wonder if they just might be too different for their love to actually be possible.
Eventually, Priya and Granger are found out by her parents and he learns that Priya is actually Jennifer David, and also that she is engaged to Vikram.
He is angry that she deceived him, and painfully decides to cut their ties.
All of Priya's family is happy for the relationship to have ended, except for her 80-year-old Aunt who advises her that life is too short to live to make only others happy.
Priya goes to Granger's hotel to fight for their love but is shattered when she finds his previous girlfriend Emory in the hotel room with him.
She is extremely upset that he could forget about her so easily, and he lets her leave and walk out of his life as if forever.
Back in India, Priya can't bring herself to accept a lackluster life with Vikram.
As she struggles to gently disengage without hurting her family, announcing to her betrothed's family that she must develop as a person, her once-future father in law calls her a rude name.
Amazingly, her father forcefully stands up for her, points out that whenever she enters a room, people smile, and that he loves her.
Granger, too, feels something is missing.
While giving the traditional Best Man's Toast at a wedding, he quotes the groom, his childhood best friend: "Nothing should ever hold a man back from his future".
Shocked speechless before finishing the toast, he realizes what he may still be able to save.
He rushes to the airport, furiously calling the bank in Mumbai with the help of a Hindi-speaking cab driver.
Priya has thrown herself back into her work, accepting a promotion to help her coworkers become as effective as she is channeling American attitudes and accent.
Just as she is counseling a young man to control his emotions to better serve the bank and its customers, Granger strides into Priya's call center and cautiously declares his devotion.
With a hundred eyes on the couple, a coworker coaxes, "Kiss him.
Kiss him.
" They kiss for the first time to the cheers of her crew.
After her shift, as morning breaks, the apprehensive couple finds her family enjoying an open-air breakfast in their sun-dappled garden.
Granger bravely attempts to win the approval of Priya's father by promising to honor her and her culture in phonetic but crude Hindi.
Granger formally repeats his commitment to respect and care for her.
Father thinks it over for a few moments as the family watches him intently, and he graciously accepts the young man, welcoming him to breakfast.
Benjamin (Chestnut) is an aspiring songwriter who attempts to break into the music business by giving a copy of his recording track of a Christmas album to a rap artist named J-Jizzy (Charles Murphy).
Nancy (Union) is a divorced mother, who is too busy taking care of her three children to take care of herself.
Her daughter Emily (Khail Bryant) overhears her mother say that she wished for a compliment from a man, and the daughter tells the local mall's Santa Claus about her mother's wish.
The Santa Claus turns out to be Benjamin, who notices Nancy.
Later, while sitting in a Starbucks after his shift as Santa, Benjamin and his friend Jamal (Faizon Love) see Nancy go into a dry cleaners.
Benjamin borrows Jamal's jacket, pretends to drop it off at the cleaners, tells Nancy that she's a very attractive woman (granting her wish), and leaves.
Eventually, the two start to date and end up falling in love—without Ben realizing that Nancy's ex-husband is J-Jizzy.
Things take a turn for the worse, however, because Nancy's oldest son, John-John (Malik Hammond) is jealous of Benjamin going out with his mother and plots to break up the relationship.
What follows is a series of funny and touching scenes that show viewers what "family" is really about.
Queen Latifah and Terrence Howard play omniscient roles in the movie.
Howard is a mischievous and sly angel named "Bah Humbug", while Latifah is the kind, thoughtful angel, called "Mrs.
Christmas".
Elizabeth (Jane Powell) accompanies her wealthy Texas rancher father (Wendell Corey) on a visit to Paris, where her mother (Danielle Darrieux) lives; while in Paris, she meets Andre (Vic Damone), an eager young Frenchman.
The father tries to keep her from marrying the Frenchman and thus repeating the mistake he made when he married her mother.
Grace Tang (Fay Ann Lee) is an ambitious Wall Street investment banker raised in New York’s Chinatown.
Though she has achieved financial success and stability as a mergers and acquisitions associate, Grace still yearns for social acceptance among the Upper East Side elite.
When she is finally invited to her first high-end soiree, a Junior Committee meet-and-greet for a prestigious opera company, she is accidentally mistaken for an heiress from Hong Kong, also named Grace Tang.
Her efforts to correct the mistake lose some of their forcefulness when she is subsequently introduced to handsome Andrew James Barrington, Jr.
(Gale Harold), who is dating committee-member Kay Douglas (Stephanie March).
From a chance meeting in the street to dinner at a Chinese restaurant, the two begin to see more of each other, and Grace’s personal, professional, and family interests become increasingly entangled and conflicting.
Andrew, the son of a prominent attorney (Roger Rees), works in the New York State Attorney General's office in Manhattan, and has been passionately pursuing a case against a network of Chinatown sweatshops — in one of which Grace's mother works.
Grace, unable to extricate herself gracefully from what she saw initially as an innocuous white lie, finds herself pretending that her parents are an old couple whom she visits as a volunteer.
Meanwhile, Andrew Sr.
is helping to shepherd a fashion-company buyout at Grace's bank, with a company that exploits sweatshop works.
Grace finds herself secretly caught in the middle  When her brother Ming (Ken Leung) inadvertently reveals the truth to Andrew, Andrew leaves the budding romance, of which Kay is unaware.
With Grace's help, however, Andrew gets documents that prove the fashion company's sweatshop connection, which causes the company's and his father's downfalls.
Andrew leaves Kay to move to Hong Kong, where Grace has a new position with her company.
Mary Horowitz, a crossword puzzle writer for the Sacramento Herald, is socially awkward and considers her pet hamster her only true friend.
Her parents decide to set her up on a blind date.
Mary's expectations are low, as she tells her hamster.
Mary is pleasantly surprised when her date turns out to be handsome and charming Steve Miller, a cameraman for the television news network CCN.
Steve does not reciprocate her feelings.
After an attempt at an intimate moment fails, in part because of her awkwardness and inability to stop talking about vocabulary, Steve fakes a phone call about covering the news out of town.
Trying to get Mary out of his truck, he tells her he wishes she could be there.
Mary believes him and decides to pursue him.
Mary's obsession gets her fired when she creates a crossword titled "All About Steve".
Following her termination, Mary decides to track Steve around the country in the hopes of winning his affection.
She is encouraged by CCN news reporter Hartman Hughes, who hopes to use Mary's encyclopedic knowledge in his reports to help himself get a promotion to become an anchor.
On the road, Mary annoys some bus passengers so much, the driver abandons her.
She hitchhikes with a trucker named Norm, then meets and travels with a pair of protesters, Elizabeth, a ditzy but sweet and likeable girl, and Howard, who sells apples he carves into celebrities.
She gradually grows close to the two.
Steve and crew end up covering a breaking news story: an old mine collapsed with numerous deaf children stuck inside.
Initially, it appears that the children are rescued.
Mary, who arrives on the scene, accidentally falls into the mine shaft as well while making a beeline for Steve.
It turns out that not all the children have been rescued, and Mary is trapped with one left behind.
Steve begins to realize that Mary, in her own unique way, is a beautiful person.
Just as Mary figures a way out, the two are joined by Hartman, who is made to feel guilty by Elizabeth and Howard for getting Mary into this predicament.
Mary's rescue plan works, but she lets Hartman take the credit.
Mary finally realizes she does not need Steve to be happy.
She states, "If you love someone, set him free; if you have to stalk him, he probably wasn't yours in the first place".
After the end credits, a competitive TV reporter, in despair that Hartman got popularity by falling into the mine while trying to save Mary, also jumps into the mine.
In the summer following their first year of college, we revisit four friends who have been apart all year and plan to spend their summer apart until a magical old pair of pants reunites them.
Bridget (Blake Lively) visits her grandmother Greta (Blythe Danner) in Alabama to ask about her mother's suicidal depression.
Lena (Alexis Bledel) finds her former flame Kostas (Michael Rady) married in Greece.
Tibby (Amber Tamblyn) goes through a pregnancy scare and alienates Carmen.
Carmen (America Ferrara) auditions for Perdita in a Vermont acting workshop.
Bridget discovers her father (Ernie Lively) had hidden letters from her grandmother Greta and she rejects his explanation that he wanted to protect her.
In Turkey, she immerses herself in an archaeological dig under Professor Nasrin Mehani (Shohreh Aghdashloo), who notices how glibly Bridget treats the past.
After reading her grandmother's letters, Bridget leaves the dig early to visit Greta in Alabama, where she learns that her mother, who committed suicide, denied having depression.
Though Bridget's father had accepted this, Greta could not and cut ties with both of them.
When she worries that she will become unhappy like her mother, Greta assures Bridget that she is stronger than her mother.
The conversation brings Bridget and Greta closer together, and allows Bridget to reconcile with her father.
Lena has gone to mourn the death of Bapi in Greece, but discovers her old boyfriend Kostas is married and his wife is pregnant.
She returns to the Rhode Island School of Design and begins dating Leo (Jesse Williams), the model for her life class.
When Kostas comes to see her, revealing that marriage was annulled after his wife revealed she was never pregnant, Lena forgives him but refuses him because she does not believe they are the same people any more.
However, after spending time with Leo, she realizes some people only fall in love once and she still cares for Kostas.
Tibby has been working at a video store in New York while retaking a NYU screenwriting class that requires her to finish her script.
She's dating Brian (Leonardo Nam) and sleeps with him, but the condom breaks.
Afraid that she might be pregnant, she withdraws from her friends, using her script as an excuse.
She breaks up with Brian and gives Lena's younger sister, Effie (Lucy Hale), permission to date him.
Lena brings Tibby a requested pregnancy test kit, but Tibby gets her period before she takes it.
Tibby drives to Vermont, hoping for Carmen's support.
After arguing over who ignores the other more, Tibby leaves.
She ends going to Brian's house and apologizes, confessing that she had been afraid dealing with change.
Realizing that he loves Tibby, Brian breaks up with Effie.
Carmen attends an actor workshop in Vermont, prompted by fellow Yale student, Julia (Rachel Nichols).
Julia is comfortable in the acting world and friends with the director, Bill (Kyle MacLachlan), while Carmen is uncertain of where she belongs.
After accidentally dropping a curtain on classmate Ian (Tom Wisdom) during his audition for The Winter's Tale, they watch Julia audition for the lead in Perdita and Ian encourages Carmen to try.
Carmen talks about how she connects with Perdita, winning her the part, while Julia, though clearly jealous, promises to help Carmen.
Initially uncertain about her acting abilities, Carmen grows more confident when her talent is recognized by the director and the other actors, including Ian, with whom she begins a flirtatious friendship.
Julia grows more jealous, and her competition for Ian upsets Carmen.
Carmen believes Ian would prefer to be with Julia, so she declines his offers to practice and falters in rehearsals.
Also, feeling her friends ignored her all year, she pushes Tibby away, but reconciles with her after her mother Christina (Rachel Ticotin) goes into labor.
Carmen asks Tibby to help after she and her stepfather (Paul Coughlan) cannot get to the hospital in time.
Ian comforts Carmen, who is distressed over missing her mother's labor.
Ian prefers Carmen to Julia, who pursues him.
Carmen overhears Julia tell director Bill to replace Carmen, but he does not.
She performs spectacularly, regains confidence, and kisses Ian after the play.
While packing to leave, she finally tells Julia off.
Effie, upset with Brian breaking up with her and how Lena seems to love her friends more than her own sister, steals the Pants and loses them in Greece while visiting her grandmother.
The Sisterhood disagrees over whether the Pants are worth saving, so Lena travels to Greece first.
The other girls follow to help, and convince the reluctant Lena to take back Kostas.
Although they do not find the Pants, the summer ends in Greece with a renewal of their mutual commitment to each other.
Many twist dancers' meet in preparation for the TV variety show called "The Twist".
While the special is still in the production stages, jealousies lead to problems - and a whole lot of dancing.
The Four Seasons are a very good jazz quartet, but they perform in a New York City cafe for only $100 a week, forcing them to share a small, rundown apartment.
The quartet consists of Joe Spring on clarinet, Pete Summer on accordion and guitar, Mike Fall on piano and trumpet, and an ever-pessimistic Happy Winter on violin.
On his way home one night, Mike drives off a man accosting a young blonde named Frederika Joyzelle.
When she tells him she has not eaten in two days, he persuades her to share the group's dinner.
She tells them that back in her homeland, she was a violinist.
The highlight of her career given a command performance for her homeland's ruler, Prince Nicholaus of Aregon.
Mike convinces his bandmates to allow "Freddie" to room with them for two weeks, after they discover she has no place to go.
Freddie talks the band into asking for a raise to $200, but when they are turned down, they impulsively quit.
Mike is further discouraged when they return to the apartment to find Freddie gone.
However, Freddie soon returns with great news.
She has spent all day trying to convince Keppel, the owner of the well-known Little Aregon Cafe, to give the quartet a tryout.
She finally succeeded, and at a salary of $300 a week.
She gets a job there too, as a cigarette girl and part-time violinist.
As time goes on, Mike falls in love with Freddie, but is unsure how she feels about him.
Prince Nicholaus of Aregon is in town, trying to arrange financing for his country.
He and his entourage go to the cafe, much to Keppel's delight.
When Freddie performs for him, he remembers her and kisses her on the forehead.
The newspaper coverage of the kiss causes the cafe to skyrocket in popularity overnight.
When a competitor of Keppel's asks the group to perform at his establishment, Keppel wins a bidding war by raising their wages to $3000 a week.
This enables them to move into a much fancier apartment.
However, the kiss also causes Mike to become jealous to the point of quitting the band.
The popularity of Keppel's cafe allows him to move into the larger "Club Joyzelle".
With the help of Prince Nicholaus, Freddie and Mike are reunited in time for the grand opening.
Even Happy, who is anything but, smiles as a result.
Department store salesclerk Anabel Sims (Betsy Drake) is very enamoured with the idea of getting married.
So when handsome pediatrician dr Madison Brown (Cary Grant) asks for her help in making a purchase, she decides that he is the one for her.
He is quite happy as a bachelor, but Anabel proves to be a very determined schemer.
She learns all she can about him, everything from where he went to school to his favourite foods.
Madison soon realises her intentions and does his best to fend off the young woman.
Anabel makes a reservation at a restaurant on a day when she knows that Madison habitually dines there.
In an attempt to make him jealous, she pretends to be waiting for wealthy, thrice-married playboy Roger Sanford (Franchot Tone), who happens to be her employer and Madison's university classmate.
By chance, Roger shows up.
Fortunately for her, Roger believes that she is using Madison as a ruse to get acquainted with him.
However, the manoeuvre fails; Madison's feelings remain unchanged.
Anabel comes up with more ingenious schemes, but they are all unsuccessful.
However, Roger falls in love with her.
He eventually asks her to marry him, but she only invites him to dinner at her home.
When Anabel's best friend Julie (Diana Lynn) warns Madison, he begins to worry, knowing something of Roger's success with women.
The doctor invites himself to the little soirée.
While waiting for Anabel, they are unexpectedly joined by "Old Joe" (Eddie Albert), Anabel's longtime hometown beau, who announces that he and Anabel are finally going to get married.
At first, Madison congratulates them, but after thinking about it, makes his own bid for her hand.
Anabel leaves the decision up to Joe, who bows out, saying that he only wants her to be happy.
After Joe leaves, Madison informs Anabel that her research on him was incomplete; he recognised "Joe's" voice as that of a radio performer he listens to frequently.
The title character, Carla "Campbell" (Gina Lollobrigida), is an Italian woman who—during the American occupation of Italy—slept with three American GIs (a corporal, a sergeant, and a lieutenant) in the course of ten days, Cpl.
Phil Newman (Phil Silvers), lt Justin Young (Peter Lawford), and Sgt.
Walter Braddock (Telly Savalas).
By the time she discovers she is pregnant, all three have moved on and she, uncertain of which is the father, convinces each of the three (who are unaware of the existence of the other two) to support "his" daughter, Gia, financially.
To protect her reputation, as well as the reputation of her unborn child, Carla has raised the girl to believe her mother is the widow of an army air force captain named Eddie Campbell, a name she borrowed from a can of soup (she is very fond of Campbell's soups).
The film opens twenty years after the end of World War II in the village of San Forino, where the three ex-airmen attend a unit-wide reunion of the 293rd Squadron of the 15th AF in the village where they were stationed.
The men are accompanied by their wives, and in the Newmans' case, three obnoxious children.
Carla is forced into a series of comic slapstick situations as she tries to keep them—each one anxious to meet his daughter (Janet Margolin) for the first time—from discovering her secret, while at the same time trying to keep Gia from running off to Paris to be with a much older married man who will take her to Brazil.
When confronted, mrs Campbell admits she does not know which of the three men is Gia's father.
She challenges the men by asking them what kind of father each would have been, particularly because they have never been there for all the small but important life events of their daughter.
Provoked by this, the potential fathers talk to Gia and insist that she cannot run off.
The "fathers" cease the support payments, and the Braddocks, who cannot have children of their own, agree to take care of Gia while she studies in theS.
Max Herschel, the married, wealthy, vulgar, egotistical, middle-aged head of a corporate empire, is satisfied with the somewhat casual love/hate relationship he shares with his mistress and protegee, television producer "Bones" Burton, just as it is, but she wants a more serious commitment.
The young woman attempts to extricate herself from the affair—or perhaps force her lover into taking the next, more permanent step—by dating a younger man, off-off-Broadway playwright Steven Routledge.
Max, however, is not a man to accept defeat in any of his endeavors, and he retaliates with a vengeance.
The two engage in an escalating battle of wits, with Max discovering money can't resolve everything when he is outsmarted by business rival Seymour Berger and his grandson Mike.
It leads to a comic fight between Max and Bones at New York's Bergdorf Goodman.
In the summer of 1943, after he is taken off combat operations for medical reasons, American SSgt John Patterson (Dean Jagger), an Army Air Force gunner, is billeted in the London home of the Duke of Exmoor (Robert Morley) in London's Grosvenor Square.
He is befriended by the Duke and British paratrooper Major David Bruce (Rex Harrison), who has taken leave to contest a parliamentary by-election.
On a weekend visit to the duke's estate near Exmoor in Devon, Patterson meets the duke's granddaughter, Lady Patricia Fairfax (Anna Neagle), a corporal in the Women's Auxiliary Air Force, who is David's childhood sweetheart.
After a cool beginning based on cultural misunderstandings, they fall in love.
David is unaware of what is happening until the final night before the election, when it becomes clear to him during a party on the estate.
The next day, the duke learns that his estate has been appropriated by the American army for a base and that David has lost the election.
When Patterson realizes that Pat and David have long expected to marry, he contrives to obtain medical clearance to go back to combat duty.
David and Pat have an ugly showdown over Patterson, only to learn that he has gone back to war.
David realizes that Pat still loves Patterson and arranges for them to reunite.
Returning from a mission with heavy battle damage, Patterson attempts to help his pilot land their B-17 Flying Fortress at an emergency landing strip at Exmoor, but is killed when the bomber stalls as they manoeuvre to avoid crashing in the village.
The duke and his family mourn Patterson at a memorial service in the village church, while David takes off with his paratroop unit to parachute into France on D-Day.
Aspiring writer Lester Grimm (Stoltz) starts going out with Ramona Ray (Sciorra) after being introduced by Lester's friend Vince (Carlos Jacott) and Vince's fiancee Lucretia (Marianne Jean-Baptiste).
They immediately hit it off, but Ramona mentions on their first date that one of her ex-boyfriends is famous writer Dashiell Frank (Chris Eigeman).
Lester becomes slightly jealous.
One day Lester is walking down the street and he spots Dashiell and follows him.
He then notices how Dashiell goes to group therapy.
He then joins the group, pretending that he is actually his friend, Vince.
After several sessions with the group and dr Poke (Peter Bogdanovich), Dashiell is complaining about how he has never been faithful when Lester bursts out with some criticism that shocks everyone.
After a couple more sessions, Lester decides to leave the therapy group, which Vince strongly advises against, as he had asked Lester to talk about him to get some personal advice.
Vince then convinces Lester to stay for two more sessions, where Lester continues to 'fight' Dashiell.
During one particular session, Dashiell is talking about a character in one of his books, and says that it was based on a true person.
We are then led to believe that he is talking about Ramona.
Lester still continues with the group therapy, even after the two sessions that he said was his last.
After a session, Dashiell asks Lester if he would like to go for a drink.
They go to a bar where they drink scotch and Dashiell reveals that he likes their arguments in therapy, since no one else speaks their minds.
Lester had arranged to meet Ramona after the session, but has forgotten about it, while Dashiell and Lester become friends.
When Lester goes to Ramona's house later, and apologizes for not meeting her, he lies and said that he went to see The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, and that it was shot in color, although if he had seen the film he would have known it was in black and white.
Dashiell invites Lester to come over to his house for a drink, and he agrees.
Here we meet Irene (Bridget Fonda), Dashiell's girlfriend.
After the meeting, Lester and Ramona are lying on the bed, where Ramona reveals that a past boyfriend, Steven (Brian Kerwin), had come over and that they had had sex, but that it was before she and Lester were serious.
She then says that her relationship with Steven is over, and that the sex hadn't meant anything.
Later, when Lester is having dinner at Ramona's house, Ramona reveals her sexual past, which proves that she couldn't be the character that Dashiell had described earlier.
They then talk about the first time they slept together, which leads to an argument.
At the next therapy session, the true Vince joins the group, under a fake name as 'Leo' and adopts a British accent for the therapy.
Vince then reveals Lester's problems to the group, but says that they are his own, even though Lester objects.
After the session they have an argument.
In another session, Dashiell reveals that he had met Ramona coincidentally after a meeting, and that they had had sex.
Lester then walks out of the session, to find Ramona.
She is outside and they have an argument in the street, while the rest of the group come out to see what happens.
All of the lies are revealed, and Dashiell punches Lester.
Lester begins to walk away, then turns around, walks up to Dashiell and says "She's my girlfriend", and punches him.
Lester and Ramona argue and break up.
Several months later, at the Iowa Writer's Workshop, Lester working on his writing, and back in New York, Ramona has been going to dr Poke for therapy.
The scene then shifts to Vince and Lucretia's wedding, where Lester and Ramona see each other.
Lester outstretches his hand, asking Ramona to dance.
At first she hesitates, saying how long it had taken for her to get over him, and he agrees.
He then outstretches his hand again, and this time she accepts.
The plot of Stand-In concerns the takeovers of Hollywood studios that occurred during the Great Depression.
Fowler Pettypacker (Tully Marshall), a Wall Street banker, is debating whether or not to accept an offer from Ivor Nassau (C.
Henry Gordon) to buy "Colossal Pictures," a fictional film studio on Poverty Row.
The studio has not been turning a profit, but financial analyst Atterbury Dodd (Leslie Howard) advises against selling.
He stakes his reputation on his mathematical calculations that show Colossal should turn a profit.
The bank sends Dodd to Hollywood as the new head of the studio.
Colossal's star actress, Thelma Cheri (Marla Shelton), eccentric foreign director Koslofski (Alan Mowbray), and press agent Tom Potts (Jack Carson) are conspiring with Nassau to sabotage the studio.
They are deliberately running up costs on producer Douglas Quintain's (Humphrey Bogart) jungle feature, Sex and Satan so that the film flops and the studio goes bankrupt.
In Hollywood, Dodd meets Lester Plum (Joan Blondell), a cheerful former child star currently working as a stand-in for Cheri.
Lester teaches Dodd about the business of filmmaking and eventually becomes his secretary.
Under Lester's tutelage, Dodd comes to see that the workers are more than just numbers.
Lester falls in love with Dodd, but he is initially oblivious to her feelings.
When Dodd is unimpressed by a viewing of Sex and Satan, Koslofski puts the blame squarely on Quintain.
Quintain had discovered Cheri and made her a star, falling in love with her in the process, but she sides with Koslofski.
As a result, Dodd fires Quintain.
After an audience preview confirms that the film is awful (they prefer the ape over Cheri's performance), Dodd seeks out the heartbroken producer.
Once he sobers up from his drunken binge, Quintain comes up with the idea to salvage the film by cutting down Cheri's part and expanding the ape's.
However, before they can do so, Pettypacker telephones Dodd, informing him that he has sold the studio to Nassau, and that Dodd is fired.
Dodd convinces the initially hostile workers into rallying behind him to finish the film.
Then, he asks Plum to marry him.
The film is set during World War II.
Kay is a sophisticated Italian woman, the mistress of a Manhattan millionaire industrialist known simply as The Man, who uses her to help him influence his contacts at The Pentagon.
While en route from Miami to New York City by train, she and her friend Jane meet a considerably younger American paratrooper named Red and his sergeant George Kelly, and Kay and Red fall into a romantic relationship.
Eventually the woman finds herself torn between her upscale life in a Sutton Place apartment and the prospect of true love with the GI.
Arthur Ferguson Jones (Edward Robinson) and Wilhelmina "Bill" Clark (Jean Arthur) work at the same advertising firm.
Jones turns out to look exactly like the notorious bank robber "Killer" Mannion (also Robinson) and is apprehended by the police.
After his true identity is confirmed, the district attorney gives Jones a letter identifying him, so that he can avoid the same trouble in future.
Jones becomes a local celebrity and, at the behest of his boss (Paul Harvey), begins ghost-writing Mannion's "autobiography", with good-natured but street-wise Wilhelmina voluntarily acting as his "talent agent" to see that he gets paid.
Mannion decides to take advantage of his mild-mannered doppelgänger and, ultimately, leave Jones "holding the bag" for Mannion's crimes.
He kidnaps Wilhelmina, Jones' visiting aunt, and a few others, and takes them back to his hideout.
He instructs Jones to make a large deposit for Mannion's mother's benefit at the First National Bank, where police detectives are expecting Mannion to make another robbery attempt.
Fortunately for Jones, he forgets to bring the check and unwittingly leads the police back to Mannion's hideout.
Upon his arrival, Jones is mistaken for Mannion by the waiting henchmen and quickly realizes that he is meant to be the fall guy.
When Mannion returns unexpectedly, Jones orders the men to shoot Mannion.
The police arrive in time to capture the rest of the gang.
With Mannion dead, Jones collects a reward and takes a long-desired cruise to Shanghai with Wilhelmina.
Wealthy murder mystery writer Paula Bradford (Jean Arthur) returns from her worldwide travels to see her former husband, surgeon dr Lawrence "Brad" Bradford (William Powell).
He had divorced her because she was always involving him in real-life murder cases, but she wants him back.
When a jockey riding the favorite dies while leading a race, she is convinced it was murder.
She and Mike North (Frank Thomas), the horse's trainer, persuade the reluctant doctor to investigate.
Brad is puzzled when he finds traces of gelatin on the corpse.
Then he receives an envelope addressed to North.
North telephones a little later to say he will come pick it up.
Curious, Brad opens the envelope to find a great deal of money.
Someone claiming to be North calls shortly afterward and instructs Brad to meet him somewhere else, but without the money.
Suspicious, Brad takes a taxi, but gets out a short distance away and returns to his suite.
As he anticipated, a burglar is inside looking for the letter.
When the two men start fighting, Paula tries to help, but ends up knocking Brad out instead, allowing the intruder to get away.
Soon after, the doorbell rings.
When Brad opens the door, North's body falls in.
Police Inspector Corrigan (James Gleason) names Brad as the main suspect in the second death.
Now Brad has to solve both murders to clear himself.
All sorts of suspects present themselves: Nick Martel (Robert Armstrong), a bookie who owed North $100,000 for a winning bet; Leroy Hutchins (Ralph Morgan), the owner of the winning horse; John Summers (Grant Mitchell), the favorite's owner; mrs Summers, who is seeing Martel behind her husband's back; and Summer's lawyer, Henry Strand (an uncredited Frank Reicher).
Even Brad's receptionist, Miss Prentiss (Lila Lee), had been spotted with Martel.
Brad discovers that Martel was instructed to send the money to an address he was given, but decided to confront North in person instead over what he considered to be deceit; though North claimed he did not place the bet, Martel did not believe him and gave him the money.
Going to the address provided, Brad finds Paula already there.
They then discover the body of Lou Pender (Paul Fix), the would-be burglar, who had masqueraded as North.
As Brad is examining the corpse, an unseen person shoots him from the window.
Fortunately, he is not seriously wounded.
Brad eventually figures out how the murders were committed.
The killer put a deadly black widow spider inside a gelatin capsule, secretly attached it to the victim's body, and waited for the gelatin to melt from body heat, releasing the spider.
Since the police have the $100,000, Brad assumes the killer will try the same trick again.
The same two horses are scheduled to race against each other the next day, so Brad has film cameras set up around the racetrack.
The murderer does strike again, but fortunately, Brad had taken the precaution of inoculating the jockey beforehand.
Brad invites all of the suspects to his suite, hoping the culprit will stay away.
When that fails, he screens the film footage he had taken.
It shows mr Summers slipping a capsule down the jockey's back.
Pulling out a gun, Summers admits his motive was revenge against his unfaithful wife and Martel.
Brad subdues him before he can shoot the lovers.
During the struggle, however, Paula once again knocks out her ex-husband.
Despite this, Brad marries her again.
At 3:00 am, Melsa (Barbara Stanwyck) takes her little dogs for a walk.
Near a subway construction site, she sees Ronnie Belden run out of a house and drive away.
The house is for sale by Sheila Lane (Leona Maricle), the wife of George Lane, a wealthy banker.
Inside, Melsa finds a diamond brooch and mr Lane's dead body.
As she runs for help, her cloak falls off with the brooch inside it.
When the police arrive, the body, cloak, and brooch are gone.
Melsa and her friends are notorious pranksters, so the detective, Lieutenant Mike Brent (Levene), does nothing to investigate the murder.
Ames writes an editorial decrying Melsa's "prank", and she sues him for libel.
Melsa and her friends decide they must find the murderer in order to defend their reputation.
The resulting manhunt includes searches of the Lane house, Belden's apartment, Lane's business office, and all of the local beauty shops; two attempts to intimidate Melsa; two shooting attempts on her life; a charity ball; and a trap set for the murderer using Melsa as bait.
During this time, the women twice attack Ames and tie him up, Melsa's friend Myra enthusiastically flirts with Ames, and their friend Pat eats incessantly.
In the course of these events, the following facts emerge: While Brent repeatedly accuses innocent people based on incorrect theories, Melsa deduces that Belden removed the body and cloak from the Lane house before the police arrived.
Near the end of the film, an escaping would-be killer leaves behind a piece of tar paper, which reminds Melsa of the subway construction site.
Returning to the site, she finds a fast electric cart on the track.
This is how Norris made his way to and from the crime scene in ten minutes.
Norris is captured after confessing to the murders and briefly holding Melsa and Ames at gunpoint.
During the film, the relationship between Melsa and Ames evolves from sharp animosity to love and marital engagement.
Melsa appears to be hostile toward Ames during most of the film, while he almost immediately decides that he's going to marry her and begins to woo her aggressively.
She stabs him in the leg with a fork in retaliation for a treacherous trick he played on her, but they have a friendly chat early in the story, and a longer, more heart-to-heart conversation later.
After the police rescue them from Norris, the film ends with Melsa and Ames planning their honeymoon.
The film follows the story of Jamie, a struggling butch lesbian actress who gets cast as a man in a film.
The main plot is a romantic comedy between Jamie's male alter-ego, "Male Jamie," and Jill, a heterosexual woman on set.
The film's subplots include Jamie's bisexual roommate Lola and her cat actor Howard, Lola's abrasive butch German girlfriend Andi, and Jamie's gay Asian friend David.
Patti Petalson (Selma Blair) is a promising writer, but her marriage and conventional job keep her from her dream.
She longs to return to her writing, especially after running into her first love Brian Callahan (Patrick Wilson), a successful crime novelist.
Kate (Debra Messing) is Patti's best friend since college.
She's a tough-talking schoolteacher who plays therapist to all Patti's problems, while she's got a few of her own.
Despite Brian's gorgeous Tribeca loft and perfect house in the Hamptons, he longs to write works of greater literary value.
Michael Murphy (Edward Burns), his lawyer and best friend from college, still carries a flame for former girlfriend Kate, even though their relationship ended badly.
Since spotting Kate at a restaurant she has become all he can think about.
She holds a grudge, but he will go to any length to win Kate back.
When Patti sells Murphy a new apartment, and Brian publishes his personal novel, these old friends reconnect in unexpected ways.
Basil Underwood and Joyce Arden are an egotistical acting team known for their romantic scenes on stage and fiery temperaments off.
Although they deeply love each other, their frequent spats over the years have kept them from tying the knot.
Comic complications ensue when Basil postpones their latest marriage plans in order to attempt to diminish the ardor of star-struck heiress Marcia West at the request of her fiancé Henry Grant.
When Basil's boorish behavior fails to bother Marcia, who is all-too-willing to submit to his charms, he begins to capitalize on her infatuation with him, much to Joyce's dismay.
The screenplay allows Leslie Howard to draw on his classical background by having his character quote lines from Macbeth, Hamlet, The Taming of the Shrew, and Romeo and Juliet.
Foreign correspondent Carey Jackson returns to New York City when his newspaper's Vienna office is closed and is offered a job on a women's magazine called Home Life.
He accepts the position only because it will put him in daily contact with editor Linda Gilman, whom he once loved.
Linda is averse to the idea because of his leaving her three years earlier, but agrees to hire him if he will keep their relationship on a strictly professional level.
The two head for the Brinker home in Crestville, Indiana, to prepare a feature story about eldest daughter Jeanne's wedding to Bud Mitchell for the June issue.
Linda wants Carey to write a simple story about the young couple, but he insists on looking for an angle, which presents itself in the form of Jeanne's younger sister Barbara (nicknamed "Boo"), who confesses she always has been in love with Bud, the brother of Jeanne's former beau Jim, who was dumped by Jeanne when he joined the Army.
At first Carey proposes they ask an officer he knows to order Jim home for the wedding, but thinks better of it, knowing he will lose his job if the wedding plans are disrupted.
Boo, however, secretly telephones Carey's friend and arranges a leave for Jim.
Complications ensue when Jim arrives home and Carey tries to get rid of him while Linda, unaware of the reality of the situation, intervenes and makes him stay.
Jim and Jeanne elope, Linda fires Carey, Carey feigns interest in Boo to make Bud jealous, and the scheme succeeds, with Bud proposing to Boo.
Despite losing his job, Carey writes his story, Linda realizes he always knew the truth about the couples, and the two reconcile.
The film stars William Powell as Arthur Peabody, who is undergoing a midlife crisis as he approaches his 50th birthday.
Much of the story is shown in flashback as Peabody tells his skeptical doctor the source of his malaise.
Peabody goes on vacation with his wife Polly (Irene Hervey) to a Caribbean resort.
While there, he hears singing coming from a distant key (small island) and takes his boat to do a little fishing.
To his surprise, he reels in Lenore, a beautiful mermaid played by Ann Blyth.
Although mute, Lenore is mischievous and childlike and more than a little bit alluring – so much so that before long Peabody has taught her to kiss.
He hides Lenore by letting her soak in a suds-filled bathtub and then in the resort’s fish pond.
But confusion ensues as his wife thinks he has a big fish in their bathtub and later suspects him of infidelity with Cathy Livingston (Andrea King), a vacationing singer.
Things get even more complicated when, after Polly returns home without Peabody, police suspect him of murder.
But by the film's conclusion, Peabody and his wife are happily back at home in Boston with only Lenore’s comb left to prove the reality of his adventure.
Ellen Garfield refuses to marry fellow reporter Curt Devlin until he admits she is as good at her craft as any man.
The two work for rival newspapers, and their ongoing efforts to better each other eventually leads to Ellen getting fired when Curt tricks her into misreporting the verdict of a murder trial.
The tables are turned when she scoops him by getting the real perpetrator, Inez Cordoza, to confess to the crime.
Forced to admit Ellen is a good reporter, he finally wins her hand.
Helen Bauer (Bette Davis) is a glamorous, successful, headstrong, and very liberated New York graphic artist with modern ideas about romance.
She is involved with Don Peterson (Gene Raymond) but is not prepared to sacrifice her independence by entering into matrimony.
The two agree to wed only to pacify Helen's conventional immigrant father Adolphe (Alphonse Ethier), whose Old World views spur him to condemn their affair.
They form a business partnership, but financial problems at their advertising agency put a strain on the marriage and Don begins seeing Peggy Smith (Kay Strozzi), one of his married clients.
Convinced it was marriage that disrupted their relationship, Helen suggests they live apart but remain lovers.
When Don discovers Helen is dating his business rival, playboy Nick Malvyn (Monroe Owsley), he returns to Peggy, but in reality his heart belongs to his wife.
Agreeing their love will help their marriage survive its problems, the two reconcile and settle into domestic bliss.
The plot is unusual for its time in that Helen is not denigrated for her beliefs about marriage and Don is not depicted as being a cad.
In addition, although they are sleeping together and unmarried, neither is concerned about the possibility of children, and certain dialog could suggest that they are using birth control.
On Halloween night, 1998, at Cornell University, Tom Bailey, Jr.
(Patrick Dempsey), in costume as Bill Clinton, slips into bed with his pre-arranged date, Monica.
It turns out to be the wrong woman, Monica's roommate Hannah (Michelle Monaghan), and Tom likes her because she is so honest and does not fling herself at him.
Ten years later, Hannah and Tom are best friends.
Tom is very wealthy because of his creation of the "coffee collar" and gets a dime every time it is used.
Tom is with a different girl every week, while Hannah focuses on her career in an art museum.
He is very content with his life, suspecting that Hannah is too.
After Tom takes Hannah to his father's (Sydney Pollack) sixth wedding, Hannah tells Tom she must go to Scotland for work.
While she's gone, Tom discovers that without her, being with another woman week after week is not very fulfilling.
He realizes that he loves Hannah and decides to tell her his feelings when she gets back.
Upon returning, Hannah surprisingly announces she is engaged to a wealthy Scot named Colin (Kevin McKidd).
Hannah asks Tom to be her maid of honor for her wedding.
After discussing it with his friends, Tom decides to be her maid of honor, only to spend time with her and try to convince her she does not even know Colin, as well as making her realize that he loves her and she should be marrying him.
After arriving in Scotland at Eilean Donan Castle for the wedding, Tom realizes he is running out of time to stop Hannah.
He meets all of Colin's family and must perform in a variant of the Highland Games, in which the groom must compete to prove himself worthy of his bride.
Tom is also in the competition with Colin but loses in the last round.
Tom takes Hannah out for a walk, hoping to tell her how he feels.
The other bridesmaids interrupt for Hannah's bachelorette party.
On her Hen Night, Hannah parades around a pub and sells her kisses for change.
As she goes around, Hannah then kisses Tom.
Though it just started as a peck on the cheek, it turns into a passionate kiss.
That night, Hannah confronts Tom to ask about the kiss.
When she gets to his room, her drunk cousin is there, trying to have sex with him.
Hannah leaves and Tom runs after her.
He knocks on her door, pleading for her to let him in.
She refuses and asks about the kiss.
He tells her he knew he, not Colin, was the one for her.
She refuses to say that she thinks so too and instead tells Tom that she still expects to marry Colin the next day.
Tom cannot go through with watching Hannah and Colin get married so he decides to go home.
When questioned about his sudden departure shortly before the wedding is to take place, Hannah informs Colin that Tom is just afraid of losing her.
On the way home, Tom realizes that he must stop the wedding and goes back on horseback.
Just when the priest asks for objections, Tom is sent flying off his horse and through the chapel doors.
Seeing her best friend on the floor, Hannah rushes to him.
As he struggles to stand up, he tells her that he loves her more than anything and that she should marry him.
They then share a kiss.
Hannah tells Colin that she is very sorry and that he is the perfect guy, just not the perfect guy for her.
Colin's grandmother then tells Colin, in Scots, to "deck" Tom, which he does without hesitation.
Hannah and Tom eventually get married.
Melissa catches the bouquet and then links arms with Tom's dad, to which he says "Number 6.
" and his lawyer says "7".
Hannah and Tom go on their honeymoon.
Tom turns on the light just to see if he has got the right girl and Hannah replies "You do".
The two kiss and as Hannah turns off the light, Tom says "Oh, Monica" and Hannah replies "Oh, Bill".
After five years of marriage, chemical engineer Lorenzo Xavier Vega (Arnaz) tends to neglect his wife Susan (Ball) in favor of his work.
When she wishes aloud that she had a more attentive spouse, her Guardian Angel – coincidentally the mirror image of her favorite movie star (Mason) – appears.
The angel advises Susan to take a greater interest in Lorenzo's career, so she agrees to accompany him on a camping trip to test the revolutionary new insecticide he's developed.
Susan's dream of a second honeymoon turns into a nightmare when everything that possibly could go wrong does.
She becomes determined to save her marriage before it's too late.
When the Manhattan investment firm of Sherwood Nash (William Powell) goes broke, he joins forces with his partner Snap (Frank McHugh) and fashion designer Lynn Mason (Bette Davis) to provide discount shops with cheap copies of Paris couture dresses.
Lynn discovers that top designer Oscar Baroque (Reginald Owen) gets his inspiration from old costume books, and she begins to create designs the same way, signing each one with the name of an established designer.
Sherwood realizes Baroque's companion, the alleged Grand Duchess Alix (Verree Teasdale), is really Mabel McGuire, his old friend from Hoboken, New Jersey, and threatens to reveal her identity unless she convinces Baroque to design the costumes of a musical revue in which she will star.
Baroque buys a supply of ostrich feathers from Sherwood's crony Joe Ward (Hugh Herbert) and starts a fashion rage.
Sherwood then opens Maison Elegance, a new Paris fashion house that's a great success until Baroque discovers Lynn is forging his sketches.
He has him arrested, but Sherwood convinces the police to give him time to straighten out the situation.
He crashes Baroque and Alix's wedding and promises to humiliate the designer by publicly revealing who his bride really is unless Baroque withdraws the charges.
The designer agrees and purchases Maison Elegance from Sherwood, who assures Lynn he'll never get involved in another illegal activity if she returns to America with him.
Brad (Vince Vaughn) and Kate (Reese Witherspoon) are an upscale San Francisco couple.
Having both come from dysfunctional families, with divorced parents and siblings with out-of-control kids, the two disdain the idea of getting married or having kids.
In an effort to avoid their families at Christmas, the two go on vacation abroad while pretending to be doing charity work there.
The third Christmas of their relationship, Brad and Kate are trapped at San Francisco International Airport by a fog bank that cancels every outbound flight, and interviewed by a news crew, alerting their families to the fact they're stuck at home for the holidays.
With no way to get out of it, Kate and Brad find themselves visiting their families on Christmas Day.
They first visit Brad's father (Robert Duvall), then Kate's mother (Mary Steenburgen), then Brad's mother (Sissy Spacek) and, finally, Kate's father (Jon Voight), thereby celebrating four Christmases in one day.
As they brace themselves for a marathon of homecomings, Brad and Kate expect the worst, but are nevertheless unable to prepare themselves enough for what they get.
As the day progresses, each discover a new secret about their partner that they had previously been too embarrassed to share, namely that Brad's real name is "Orlando", and Kate has a fear of inflatable castles, stemming from being ostracized as a child, and these discoveries put an intense strain on their relationship.
While Brad counts down the minutes to freedom, Kate finds herself looking at the lives of Brad's and her own siblings and comes to realize that she does want a marriage and children of her own, the prospect of which frightens Brad when she mentions it to him.
Eventually, in the final visit of the day, at Kate's father's house, Kate asks Brad to let her spend the visit on her own and claims to her family that they had split up.
Meanwhile, Brad spends some time at his own father's house with just his father and realises that he wants a marriage and children, and that he loves Kate way too much to leave her.
He returns to her and they discuss the possibilities of having a child and getting married.
The two then embark on their holiday in Fiji.
A year later on New Year's Day, the couple welcomes their first child, a baby girl.
They have spent the last nine months hiding from their families.
As their baby is the first born in the New Year, a news crew comes to congratulate them—once again revealing them, and their new baby, to the whole city, and their families.
Dodie lives with her parents and dreams of marrying a millionaire.
At home in California, near the ocean, her boyfriend Buzz is a real-estate agent of modest means.
He proposes marriage and she accepts, but tells her pal Marge that she has doubts.
A yacht arrives, owned by wealthy Neil Patterson, which gets Dodie's fantasies going.
She even leaps into the water and swims out to meet him.
Asked on a date, Dodie is thrilled until she learns that the man isn't Neal at all but his poor mechanic, Pete.
It isn't long before Pete is smitten and proposes.
He also infuriates Buzz by pretending to buy a house and bringing Dodie along as his fiancee.
A drunk Neil has an accidental meeting with Dodie and invites her onto the yacht.
At first she's annoyed by his advances, but in Tijuana she gets tipsy and has a great time.
Neil is the rich suitor she's been dreaming about, one who even buys a taxi rather than just hailing a ride from one.
After being out till 4m, Dodie is brought home by Neil, only to find Buzz and Pete impatiently waiting on her doorstep.
Asking time to sleep on a decision, Dodie tells them the next morning that she has made her choice: Neil.
The guys reluctantly accept, and Dodie goes off with her new betrothed.
But the minute Pete kisses her goodbye, she promptly changes her mind.
The satirical film spoofs several recent pop cultural It Girl moments such as Janet Jackson's wardrobe malfunction and Ashlee Simpson's lip synching fiasco.
It has also been called an African American Red Shoe Diaries.
Elvira Kent (Janis Paige) and her husband Michael (Don DeFore) suspect each other of cheating.
For their wedding anniversary, Elvira books an ocean cruise to Rio de Janeiro but her husband claims that unexpected business will prevent him from going.
Seeing an opportunity, Elvira pretends to take the trip alone, but in fact sends singer Georgia Garrett (Doris Day), a woman she'd met at the travel agency, in her place and under her name.
By secretly staying behind, Elvira hopes to find out if Michael is indeed sneaking around behind her back.
Michael, however, is suspicious over Elvira's supposed willingness to go on the trip alone, and so hires private detective Peter Virgil (Jack Carson) to see if she is sneaking around behind his back.
Peter joins the cruise and, as part of his job, becomes acquainted with Georgia.
Georgia, following the instructions of the real Elvira, keeps up the ruse by pretending to be Elvira to everyone, including Peter.
Georgia and Peter are attracted to each other and gradually fall in love, which causes conflict for both of them.
During one of the cruise stops, Georgia's friend, Oscar Farrar (Oscar Levant), comes on board.
Oscar is in love with Georgia despite Georgia's lack of interest in him, and when Peter spots them together, he thinks he has discovered the identity of Elvira's lover.
The film's third act is set in a Rio hotel, where all the principal characters converge and ride a merry-go-round of mistaken identities.
Sorting out their true identities, resolving the crossed love plots, concludes the picture.
The film opens in Los Angeles, where Doug Blake (Carson) is dumped as a manager by Gary Mitchell (Bowman).
He goes to New York City to find a new singer to replace Gary on the Hour of Enchantment radio show.
While in New York, he discovers Martha Gibson (Day) turning records in a jukebox factory.
He takes her to Los Angeles and tries to introduce her to Felix Hofer (Sakall).
His efforts lead to a series of communication failures.
Meanwhile, Martha has begun to fall in love with Gary.
Doug takes her to a party at Gary's house where Gary gets drunk and is unable to sing on his radio program.
Martha replaces him and becomes successful.
Gary, whose ego has driven away all of the people who once helped him, cannot find anyone who will hire or even represent him.
Knowing how Martha feels about Gary, Doug helps him come back, but Gary goes back to his old ways and drives Martha away.
Martha then realizes that she really loves Doug and makes up with him.
During World War II, Princess Maria (Olivia de Havilland) and her uncle Holman (Charles Coburn), exiles from their (unnamed) conquered European country, live in New York City.
Holman hopes that his niece will marry and produce a male heir as soon as possible, but she is not interested in his preferred choice, Count Peter de Chandome (Curt Bois) or the other candidates that he has suggested.
While flying to California incognito as "Mary Williams", the princess—fearful of flying—is given too many sleeping pills.
When the Douglas DST airliner returns to New York because of bad weather, the crew cannot wake her.
The pilot, Eddie O'Rourke (Robert Cummings), takes care of her, still unaware who she is.
She wakes up the next morning in his apartment wearing his pajamas.
To explain her absence, Maria tells her uncle that she slept at the airport.
She spends the day with Eddie, his friend and co-pilot, Dave Campbell (Jack Carson), and Dave's wife Jean (Jane Wyman) (who had put Maria to bed).
"Mary" tells them she is a war refugee and was traveling to California to work as an upstairs maid.
She and Eddie quickly fall in love.
With both Eddie and Dave about to join the United States Army Air Forces, Eddie impulsively proposes to Mary.
She accepts, but sadly believes that, as a princess, she cannot marry him.
A Secret Service agent assigned to protect Maria tells her uncle of the relationship.
Holman is not opposed to Maria marrying a commoner, and is pleased to learn that Eddie is one of nine brothers and his father one of 11.
Holman also knows that his niece marrying an American would strengthen his country's vital relationship with the United States.
To Maria's surprise and joy, he permits the marriage, and Eddie is stunned to learn that his poor European refugee is actually royalty.
President Franklin Roosevelt invites Maria and Eddie to stay at the White House.
Given a crash course in royal protocol by a representative of the State Department, Eddie becomes increasingly uncomfortable with becoming a prince consort, financially supported by his wife, with no career other than fathering an heir.
While discussing the prenuptial agreement, he refuses to surrender his American citizenship.
After making an impassioned speech about how lucky he is to be an American, Eddie asks "Mary" to choose between him and her family.
Maria obeys her uncle and leaves the room; a disappointed Eddie calls her a "slave".
Holman locks her in the Lincoln Bedroom.
After much crying, Maria writes a note and slips it through the door to Roosevelt's dog, Fala, to deliver to his master.
In the middle of the night, the President summons a Supreme Court judge (Harry Davenport) to marry Eddie and Maria.
Afterward, the newlyweds sneak out of the White House.
On the way out, Eddie tips a butler he bumps into.
Outside, Maria tells him that the "butler" was actually the President.
Petty thief Frank O'Brien steals a $4 million masterpiece painting.
His cashier girlfriend of seven years, Roz, befriends the potential buyer of the painting, Evan Marsh, on an island.
After being captured by FBI Agent O'Malley at the fish factory, she discovers Marsh is actually an art thief.
Ninette Sánchez (Elsa Pataky) is an intelligent, sexy, charming and spontaneous Parisian girl, daughter of Spanish republican exiles, working in the Galeries Lafayette.
Her ingenuousness and beauty charms Andrés (Carlos Hipólito), a humble Spanish vendor of religious items from Murcia, who is staying with her family after he came to Paris to meet "easy" French women.
Andrés falls for her many charms.
Unfortunately, Ninette's parents, Armando (Enrique Villén) and Bernarda (Beatriz Carvajal) do not take the news well when Ninette announces that she is pregnant.
This film is a retelling of the Cinderella fairy tale in a modern setting with Mary Santiago, a high school student with ambitions of becoming a dancer, taking the role of Cinderella.
Tami, Mary's only friend serves as the fairy godmother.
The cruel, self-obsessed, snobby, and washed-up pop singer Dominique Blatt takes the role of the stepmother, even though she is just her legal guardian and Mary's mother was one of Dominique's dancers when she died; Dominique took Mary in as her legal guardian and turned her into the hired help.
The aggressive, extremely obsessed, and equally snobby Britt and air-headed Bree serve as the two stepsisters, and Joey Parker, now a famous celebrity and pop star has returned to school for his senior year and to remember why he started dancing, acts as Prince Charming.
A school dance substitutes for the ball, with the role of the glass slipper filled by a Zune.
A high-powered consultant (Renée Zellweger) in love with her upscale Miami lifestyle is sent to New Ulm, Minnesota, to oversee the restructuring of a blue-collar manufacturing plant.
After enduring a frosty reception from the locals, icy roads and freezing weather, she warms up to the small town's charm, and eventually finds herself being accepted by the community.
When she is ordered to close down the plant and put the entire community out of work, she's forced to reconsider her goals and priorities, and finds a way to save the town.
After tasting her secretary's secret recipe of tapioca pudding, she decides to adapt a former yogurt production line to produce this special recipe of tapioca.
As described in a film magazine, Kitty O'Brien (Normand), a seamstress in the factory of Braddock & Co, in an effort to escape punishment from the foreman she had mimicked, flees into the manager's office.
While explaining her presence she shows a bathing suit she has designed, John Braddock (Francis) embraces the idea and the display of the suit brings orders galore.
When Braddock is compelled to take a rest, Kitty takes charge of the plant.
She gives a young male applicant a job as office boy, but discovers he is the son of her employer, Paul Braddock (La Rocque), expelled from college.
She frees him from an indiscreet love affair and, with the return of the elder Braddock, a romance is culminated.
As described in a film magazine, a forest ranger known only as Headin' South (Fairbanks) goes forth in search of Spanish Joe (Campeau), a Mexican responsible for most of the treachery and outlawry along theS.
-Mexican boarder.
Headin' South gains quite a reputation as he goes along and finally believes himself worthy of joining Joe's band.
in a whirlwind finish in which Joe is captured, Headin' South meets one of Joe's near victims (MacDonald) and falls in love with her.
Kate and Henry are a happy couple.
Henry proposed to Kate and they are about to be married, but on the day of their wedding, Kate is accidentally killed by an ice sculpture angel, because of the actions of an ice sculptor (Stephen Root).
Unaware that she has died and her soul left her body, Kate awakens in Purgatory, and wastes precious time arguing with an angel who finally leaves before she can explain to Kate what she must do to move on.
A year later, Henry's sister Chloe (Lindsay Sloane) hopes that he will find closure by consulting Ashley (Lake Bell), a psychic who also runs a catering business with her gay best friend Dan (Jason Biggs).
After an unsuccessful first meeting, Chloe gives Kate's diary to Ashley so that she can pretend to communicate with Kate and convince Henry to move on with his life.
In the process, Henry and Ashley fall for each other.
much to the consternation of Kate, who has been watching over Henry.
When Kate voices her displeasure, Ashley hears her, unaware of what it means.
Angry over Ashley's deception and uncertain of what she's supposed to do, Kate later encounters the ice sculptor, and discovers that he is also a ghost (a result of a drunk driving accident).
He explains to her that they must deal with their unfinished business.
Believing that her job is to protect Henry, Kate proceeds to harass Ashley (who is the only one who can see or hear Kate).
Using her ghostly abilities of intangibility, levitation, and auditory hallucination, Kate hopes to force Ashley to break up with Henry.
Ashley persists, but then Henry discovers the fraud with the diary and breaks off the relationship.
Despondent over the break-up, Ashley turns to Dan for solace, but is further distraught when Dan reveals that he's not gay and has secretly been in love with her for years.
Over time, Ashley and Dan eventually reconcile.
After several months of watching Henry fall back into a depressed funk, Kate encounters the sculptor once more, who points out that if she had resolved her unfinished business, she would have moved on to Heaven by now.
When the sculptor asks her what she really wants, Kate reluctantly admits that she only wants Henry to be happy.
and realizes that he could be happy with Ashley.
Then the sculptor reveals that Kate was his unfinished business and he had to get her to do the right thing before moving on, which he does.
Kate first attempts to convince Ashley to get back together with Henry but Ashley doesn't believe her change of heart, and is preparing to fly to Las Vegas with Dan.
In desperation, Kate finds she is able to talk to Henry through his pet parrot and gets him to meet Ashley at the airport.
Realizing that Henry has forgiven her and that she has Kate's blessing, Ashley joyfully embraces with Henry.
At their wedding, Ashley delays her walk down the aisle to sit briefly in the back pew, to promise Kate that she will strive to make Henry happy.
Also at the wedding, Dan makes a new connection with Chloe.
Now ready to move on, Kate arrives once more in Purgatory, congratulated for her efforts by the angel and requests the "orb of true light" collected from Kate's loved ones.
The angel leaves once again, leaving Kate in Purgatory.
Pearl Berman has just returned home from her husband Jack's funeral, her grief disrupted by her many relatives animatedly discussing which parkway offered the best route to the cemetery.
Pearl's family tackles any and every subject – from body odor to toilets to Tupperware to borscht – as if it's worthy of a major debate.
Into a household filled with kvetchers steps Joe Meledandri, a distinguished Italian who years ago met Pearl's wayward husband in a bar and convinced him to return to her.
He has desired her ever since, and now that Pearl is a widow, Joe feels the time is right to make his move.
He invites her for coffee, his first step on the road to seduction.
What remains to be seen is if he can overcome family objections to religious differences and if he's willing to accept Pearl's daughters: the lonely, overweight Bibby and the pretty but psychologically unstable Norma who dresses up as celebrities to escape the grief that has overwhelmed her since the death of her husband and one of their children.
At her father's funeral, Norma dresses up the way Jackie Kennedy appeared at the funeral of her husband; appears as Marilyn Monroe as she serves her surviving son his breakfast; and also impersonates Faye Dunaway and Barbra Streisand among others.
And those are just some of the crazy relatives that come as part of the package.
In 1936 London, mature showgirl Julia Packett (Greer Garson) leads a precarious life.
She pretends to be contemplating suicide in order to finagle some money out of a male friend in order to pay her bills.
Then, she receives a wedding invitation from her daughter Susan (Elizabeth Taylor).
As a young woman, Julia had married wealthy William Packett (Walter Pidgeon).
However, after fourteen months of marriage, his disapproving mother (Lucile Watson) had managed to break them up.
Julia returned to show business, but left her infant daughter with her husband, so that the child could be raised in more secure circumstances.
On the boat trip to France, she meets and becomes attracted to Fred Ghenoccio (Cesar Romero), a muscular acrobat, and in Paris performs with his troupe to great success.
Later, Fred proposes to her as her train pulls away from the station.
When Julia reaches her destination, she is penniless, so following her usual methods, she gets a stranger, Colonel Willowbrook (Nigel Bruce), to give her money, supposedly for an evening gown and other clothing.
However, she sneaks away before Willowbrook tries to become better acquainted with her.
Her mother-in-law is less than pleased to see her, but Julia manages to see Susan, who insists she stay.
As time goes by, William's love for Julia revives.
Meanwhile, Julia observes that Susan has strong feelings about lovestruck painter Ritchie Lorgan (Peter Lawford), though he is not her fiancé.
Though Susan claims to be merely annoyed, Julia sees that Susan loves the young man and does her best to bring the two together.
It works.
Meanwhile, Julia remains skeptical of William's restored love, unable to forget the past.
Complications arise when Fred shows up to claim his "fiancée".
However, when William encounters his old friend, Colonel Willowbrook, he learns of Julia's misdeed.
William persuades his friend to pretend to not know him and interrupt their breakfast.
The revelation of Julia's questionable method of raising funds sends Fred packing.
Eventually, Susan takes Julia's suggestion and elopes with Ritchie.
When William chases after them, followed by Julia, they discover they have been tricked into going to the wrong place.
Following Susan's instructions, servants drive away their cars, leaving them stranded for 48 hours in their isolated honeymoon cabin.
Julia tries to walk away in a rainstorm, but ends up in the mud.
When William comes to her rescue, he ends up sprawled in the muck as well, leaving them both laughing at their predicament.
Will Burton (Gaelan Connell) is a music enthusiast and a David Bowie fan with a hint of rock and roll and boy next door.
Throughout the movie, Will writes journal-like e-mails to Bowie every day, although Bowie never answers.
When Will's mother Karen (Lisa Kudrow) finds a new job, he switches to a new school, which he is eager to do since he was bullied at his previous one.
During lunch one day at his new school, he meets a girl who says her name is written Sa5m but pronounced Sam, the 5 is silent (Vanessa Hudgens).
She tells him about Bandslam, an annual music competition in which the winning band gets a recording contract.
Will and Sa5m quickly become friends but, shortly after, he is sought after by another girl named Charlotte Barnes (Aly Michalka).
One afternoon, Charlotte asks Will to join her in an after-school day-care center.
When she starts inviting him to hang out with her, the teenager is stunned—as is his single mother Karen.
Impressed by his eclectic knowledge of music, Charlotte, who is a gifted singer-songwriter, asks Will to manage her rock/ska band.
Her goal is apparently to take revenge on her egocentric musician ex-boyfriend Ben Wheatley (Scott Porter) during Bandslam.
Unsure of what he is getting himself into, Will agrees to help Charlotte's band (later called I Can't Go On, I'll Go On) which includes Bug (Charlie Saxton) and Omar (Tim Jo), eventually expanding it with more like-minded outcasts.
Against all odds, the group's sound starts to come together and their prospects for success look bright.
Will starts losing his "loser-status", but the band gets in the way of completing a project he was going to do with Sa5m.
After spending a day with Sa5m, Charlotte teaches Will how to properly kiss a girl, by demonstrating on him; after an awkward start, Will kisses Sa5m at the Overlook.
Will stands Sa5m up, breaking the date for a concert with Charlotte.
After that, Sa5m starts ignoring Will at school; he visits her house, hoping to apologize.
Her mom shows him a video of a younger Sa5m performing "Everything I Own", leading Sa5m to be outraged and order Will to leave.
As an apology, he makes a touching documentary short about her for his Human Studies project (with the song "Young Folks" included in it) and she eventually forgives him.
After Will accidentally ruins Ben's attempt to reconcile with Charlotte, Ben decides to do a little research on him, in order to ruin his image.
He finds out about Will's father, who was sent to prison years ago when he accidentally killed a child while driving drunk.
Ben then starts to call Will "Dewey" (just as other students did at his old school), which stands for "DWI" ("Driving While Intoxicated").
Will detests this nickname because it reminds him of his father, whom he is ashamed of.
What is more, Charlotte's father dies and she decides to quit the band.
As she explains to Will, her father hated how she acted when she was with her ex-boyfriend, so after he got sick, she decided to change her image and be nicer to "people like [Will]", meaning outcasts, hoping that this good behavior would cause her dad to get well.
The band members are hurt by this discovery, as it means she did not genuinely like them, but they decide to go on nonetheless, with Sa5m taking over as lead singer.
On the night of Bandslam, Charlotte comes backstage in order to apologize to the band, and after a moment of hesitation, Will accepts her apology.
Right before going on stage, however, they discover that Ben's band (the "Glory Dogs") have decided to play the song that I Can't Go On, I'll Go On were originally to perform, forcing them to change their act at the last minute.
Will suddenly remembers the video Sa5m's mother showed him earlier and suggests that they perform "Everything I Own", since it is the only other song Sa5m knows.
To buy some time, Will comes out first onstage, but at first he is embarrassingly silent.
The students begin to chant "Dewey.
Dewey.
Dewey.
".
He starts to walk off the stage, but then comes back and decides to chant with them instead.
After carrying the chant for a while, he finally changes it to, "Do we wanna ROCK.
".
The band then shows up and fires up the crowd with an upbeat ska version of "Everything I Own".
Although they fail to win the competition, a YouTube video of their performance gains the band popularity at school.
David Bowie (portraying himself) sees the video and sends an e-mail to Will, explaining that he is starting an indie music label and is interested in having the band as one of their first artists.
Will is so excited and overwhelmed that he falls down in the middle of the school hallway (close to the same position as the front cover of Bowie's Lodger album).
The last scene takes place during Charlotte's graduation ceremony where Will and Sa5m are confirmed as dating.
"The Boy" (Lloyd) is an idle playboy and heir to $20,000,000, relaxing at an exclusive resort.
When he sees "The Girl" (Mildred Davis), surrounded by a flock of admirers, he suddenly asks her to marry him.
Taken aback, she sends him to get the approval of her father, a tough, hardworking steel magnate.
The girl's father knows and disapproves of the Boy's indolence, and demands that he first get a job to prove that he can do something.
The Boy sees a recruiting poster and applies to join the United States Navy.
When the magnate decides to take a long cruise on his yacht, he tells his daughter to bring along her friends.
She invites the Boy, but he finds he cannot get out of his three year enlistment.
Aboard ship, he makes an enemy of intimidating sailor "Rough-House" O'Rafferty (Noah Young), but when O'Rafferty throws a box at the Boy and strikes a passing officer, the Boy steps up and accepts the blame.
He and O'Rafferty then become good friends.
The Girl and her friends stop off at the port of Agar Shahar Khairpura, the "City of a Thousand Rascals", in the country of Khairpura-Bhandanna, to sightsee, just as the Boy and O'Rafferty get shore leave there.
The Girl is delighted to see the Boy and rushes into his arms.
However, she has also attracted the attention of the Maharajah of Khairpura-Bhandanna (Dick Sutherland).
The potentate has her kidnapped and taken to his palace.
The Boy rushes to her rescue and single handedly manages to outwit the Maharajah and his guards and escape with the Girl.
Later, the Boy uses signal flags from his ship to ask with the Girl on her father's yacht, "Will you.
" With her father's approval, she sends a signal back, "I will".
Connor Mead (Matthew McConaughey) is a famous photographer and confirmed womanizer.
He takes a break from his playboy lifestyle to attend his brother's (Paul) wedding, where he becomes reacquainted with Jenny Perotti (Jennifer Garner), Connor's childhood friend and the only girl who's ever captured his heart.
After Connor delivers a drunken speech at the rehearsal dinner where he says that love isn't real, he's met in the bathroom by the ghost of his uncle Wayne (Michael Douglas), a roué who taught Connor everything he knows about seducing women.
Wayne informs Connor that, over the course of the evening, he will be visited by three ghosts who will lead him through his romantic past, present, and future.
The first ghost is the "Ghost of Girlfriends Past" in the form of Allison Vandermeersh (Emma Stone), one of his high school girlfriends and his first lover.
Together, they revisit scenes from his past, focusing on his relationship with Jenny.
In 1982, Connor and Jenny were very close as children; she gave him his first instant camera which he used to take her picture, promising to keep it forever.
When Connor's parents died in a car accident, Jenny consoles Connor throughout the years without them, as she, his brother Paul and his uncle Wayne were all he had left.
By middle school, the two were on the verge of romance, but Connor's hesitation at asking her for a dance caused Jenny to dance with and kiss another boy.
Heartbroken, Connor was told by Wayne that he must avoid romance at all costs in order not to feel such pain again.
For the next two years, Wayne schooled Connor in the art of seduction.
When he next saw Jenny, at a high school party, Connor ignored her and kissed another girl named Allison, whom he had his first sexual encounter with.
Several years later, as adults, Connor and Jenny rekindled their romance, but Jenny forced him to woo her for several weeks in an attempt to rid him of his womanizing ways.
After they finally did have sex, Connor falls in love with her, but when he lies in bed with her to fall asleep beside her, he remembers his uncle Wayne's warnings about sleeping and spooning with the opposite sex after a night of passion.
Realizing this, he panics, running out on her so he won't be hurt.
The next morning, Jenny wakes up alone and broken-hearted.
His relationships thereafter consisted of a series of very short flings.
Awakening back in the Mead mansion in the present, Connor accidentally destroys Paul and Sandra's (his bride-to-be) wedding cake and unsuccessfully attempts to reconcile with Jenny.
After his failed attempt, Connor returns to his uncle Wayne's room and finds another woman awaiting him in his bed and, fearing that this woman was the next "Ghost" to accompany him on his journey to show him how he became "himself", panics and runs out of his room, though it's clear after he leaves that the woman in the bed awaiting him is actually one of the bridesmaids hoping to have sex with him.
As he storms out of the house, he is confronted by the "Ghost of Girlfriends Present" in the form of his assistant Melanie (Noureen DeWulf), the only constant female figure in his life.
With her, he sees that in his absence the other wedding guests make fun of him and his shallow lifestyle.
Paul stands up for his brother, recalling that Connor helped raise him after their parents' death, and expresses his hope that Connor will someday change for the better.
As the bridemaids discusse their love lives, one of them makes a remark about Jenny being emotionally twisted beyond recognition by Connor to the point that she's unable to move on to a new relationship.
Jenny hears this and though Sandra tries to comfort her, Jenny leaves the room hurt and in tears.
Melanie guides Connor to the kitchen to show him a crying Jenny as she tries to repair Paul and Sandra's wedding cake.
Connor also sees that Jenny is being comforted by Brad (Daniel Sunjata), and is upset that his own actions and attitude are bringing the two closer.
He is further upset to discover that Melanie and the three women whom he previously broke up with by conference call are bonding over his disregard for their feelings.
Returning to the house, Connor finds Sandra furious at learning that Paul had slept with one of her bridesmaids very early in their relationship, information that Connor had let slip earlier in the evening.
Connor attempts to mend the situation but only makes things worse, and Paul tells him to leave.
On his way out, he is confronted by the "Ghost of Girlfriends Future" (Olga Maliouk), who takes him forward in time to see that Jenny marries Brad while Paul remains alone.
Further in the future, Paul is the only mourner at Connor's funeral.
Wayne appears and tells Connor that this is his future if he continues on the same path, pushing him into the grave to be buried by his many ex-girlfriends.
Connor awakens in the Mead home and learns that Sandra has called off the wedding and is on her way to the airport.
He intercepts the bridal party and convinces Sandra to forgive Paul by sharing lessons learned from his own mistakes, particularly that the pain of heartbreak is outweighed by the regret of never risking one's heart in the first place, something he admits to always regretting having done.
Connor helps Jenny to restart the wedding, which he photographs, and afterwards he reconciles with Jenny by showing her the picture he still carries of her as a child and by promising to always be there when she wakes up.
The two kiss and dance in the snow to the same song Connor once hesitated to ask her to dance to.
Meanwhile, Wayne tries to hit on the ghost of girlfriends future, but she magically vanishes after throwing a drink in his face.
Then he tries to hit on the ghost of girlfriends present, but Melanie informs Wayne she is one of the attendees and vanishes.
Melanie and Brad start talking and then dancing.
Wayne is left with the ghost of girlfriends past, Allison, who is not interested since she is only 16.
Wayne says that they are ghosts and therefore ageless.
Young surfer Mike Samson (Tommy Kirk), the local beach jock, is quite the ladies' man until he meets Delilah Dawes (Deborah Walley).
At first, he tries to add her to his harem, but she rejects him because she finds him chauvinistic and shallow, so he disguises himself as a nerdy twin brother, "Herbert".
In the meantime, publisher Harvey Pulp (Jack Bernardi) plans to start a new magazine called "Teen Scream".
He joins forces with "Daddy" (Sid Haig), car, surfboard, and skateboard customizer — and owner of local music club The Dungeon — to publicize the venture.
Pulp and Daddy organize a series of contests, and Delilah competes against "Mike" with the encouragement of "Herbert" in various events, and loses each time.
However, Mike finds that he is falling in love with her.
Eventually, Delilah finds out about the deception.
Soon the two compete in a final race, using various vehicles.
The film is centred on the life of Kate Swallow and her susceptibility for falling in love with different men.
At the beginning of the film she is in love with a famous writer named Alec Bolton, who dismisses any intentions she has of writing a novel herself as nonsense, strongly discouraging her.
Later falls in love with a man named Vanni Corso who is the publisher of the firm for which Alec writes books, and she leaves Alec for Vanni.
Kate later finds out that Vanni also doesn't think highly of her writing abilities yet he had strung her along.
Gradually both men change their attitudes as they vainly struggle to win her affections.
Walken has a scene where he is able to perform his trademark tango routine.
As the novel begins in the time between Christmas and New Year's, Charles, several days short of his 27th birthday, is dealing with his mentally ill mother's recent hospitalization.
His 19-year-old sister is home from college for the holidays.
Neither is fond of their step-father Pete, a friend of their late father, who died of a heart attack at the age of 39.
His mother has been hospitalized in a mental institution in the past.
Charles is obsessively in love with Laura, a married woman who once worked as a librarian for his employer.
After she left her husband, they lived together briefly, but she returned home.
He still yearns for a reconciliation with Laura.
He must plow through his dull daily life while dealing with his feelings for her and coping with his family and his friend Sam.
Written by Felix Jackson and Bruce Manning, the film is about three sisters who believe life is going to be easy now that their parents are back together, until one sister falls in love with another's fiance, and the youngest sister plays matchmaker.
A neglected wife turns to an astrologer, who tells her she will meet and fall in love with a handsome stranger, much to the dismay of her astronomer husband.
Burke Ryan (Aaron Eckhart), is a successful PhD.
and author of a self-help book that gives advice about dealing with the loss of a loved one.
He writes the book after his wife dies in a car accident as a way to deal with the grief.
While giving a workshop in Seattle, where his wife was from, he meets Eloise (Jennifer Aniston), a creative floral designer who owns her own flower-shop.
She spurns his initial advance as her past relationships with men have not gone well, but after a heated exchange in the men's restroom, she meets him for dinner.
Even though the dinner is awkward, they begin spending time together although she insists to her mother and her employee Marty (Judy Greer) that they are not "dating".
It seems, however, that Burke has not been following his own advice, and in fact has not been dealing with the loss of his wife.
In the end, he confesses to an audience that he was driving the car, and not his wife, as he previously maintained.
Due to this, he blames himself for her death.
Eloise, along with his wife's father (Martin Sheen), help Burke move past his wife's death.
Burke goes to Eloise, telling her that she had spent the last few days getting to know the part of him that was not available and wondered was she interested in getting to know the part of him that was available.
Susan Miller (Gene Tierney) works as a girdle salesgirl in a big department store.
She dreams of living on "the other side", among the rich.
An elderly woman, calling herself mrs Maybelle Worthington (Spring Byington), comes to buy some underwear.
She is actually a professional swindler.
Her partner Warren (Laird Cregar) meets her at the department store, and reports that her "daughter" (a partner in their schemes) has run away to get married.
They notice that Susan resembles the "daughter", and ask her to impersonate the missing girl at their party that evening.
Susan sees an opportunity to experience life among the rich, and wear the expensive clothes she could never afford.
From that day on, Susan becomes "Linda Worthington" and accompanies "Mother Worthington" and "Uncle Warren" in their travels.
They use her to attract marriageable young rich men, whom they swindle.
One day in Southern California, they encounter John Wheeler (Henry Fonda), and overhear his plan to buy a yacht for $15,000.
They take him for a millionaire, and use "Linda" to lure him into one of their swindles.
But John is actually an accountant, who has carefully saved the $15,000 out of his limited income.
This time Susan/Linda falls in love with the intended victim, and it's hard for them to find their way to happiness.
Debu (Rahul Bose) is a 32-year-old advertising agent, but has a serious problem in that he is still a virgin.
He meets Baba Hindustani (Vijay Raaz) in a hotel who promises to cure him of the teasing he gets from being a virgin.
He later meets Nitin Kapoor, a film-maker (Saurabh Shukla) who later films him as he works out in the gym and other physical activities.
Unaware of what is happening, Kapoor edits the film in such a way to give the impression of Debu as having sex.
The film is released and becomes a box office hit and Debu quickly becomes a sex symbol.
He later meets Sonali Verma (Perizaad Zorabian), a journalist, who helps him through his difficulties and they later fall in love.
Junior wedding planner Lauren Crandell (Denise Richards) is assigned a wedding for Darla Tedanski (Karen Cliche), the daughter of a prominent family by her boss Gennifer "G" (Jessica Walter), who promises her a long overdue promotion if she does well.
That night, Lauren's mother Cookie (Mimi Kuzyk) invites Lauren and Lauren's one-year-separated husband Brad (David Lipper) to dinner.
Not knowing Brad cheated on Lauren, Cookie wants Lauren to give the marriage a second chance, but all Lauren wants is for Brad to stop stalling and sign the divorce papers she sent him weeks ago.
The next day, Lauren meets quirky, hunk firefighter Nick Corina (Dean Cain) when he rescues a groom from a failed 'grand entrance.
' She feels an immediate attraction, but when Lauren accidentally meets Nick again that night, she sees Darla hanging on him.
Yes, when she checks, Darla's groom is "James Nicholas Corina".
She tries to forget Nick and focus on Darla's wedding plans while a bridal magazine interviews G, who takes sole credit for all their weddings - for which Lauren has done most of the work.
Darla turns out to be a "Bridezilla", a controlling, egotistical child of privilege who has lost perspective about her wedding day.
Lauren's main relief is the humour and camaraderie of Marc (Barry Julien), Darla's long-suffering, overtly gay aide.
That evening, Lauren is placed at the same table as Nick at the Fireman's Ball.
She rationalizes her attraction and Nick's flirtations as Nick getting cold feet about the wedding, until Nick saves her from dancing with his drunk brother Jay (Yannick Bisson).
As Lauren and Nick dance, their attraction increases, and Nick leans in for a kiss, making Lauren aware she should leave.
Nick invites her to lunch, but she uses a wedding as an excuse - so Nick invites himself to the wedding.
At the wedding the next day, G's ill-behaved dog tears off part of the bridal gown.
Nick shows up and helps her get back the gown-part.
She fixes the gown in time for the wedding, and Nick compliments them both on what a great team they make.
When she tries to keep the conversation professional, Nick asks her to okay a possible reception locale.
Nick takes Lauren through a beautiful park, on a romantic rowboat ride, and to a little carnival.
She says it is beautiful, but this would be a difficult to cater, plus Darla wants a formal reception.
Nick offers Lauren a carousel ride before they return.
He wants to talk about 'him and her' after the ride, and she retreats again, only to twist an ankle getting off the still-moving ride.
Nick carries her to an ER over her protests, and takes her (loopy with painkillers) back to her place.
Lauren's sister Lily is staying over, but is not in when they get there.
Lauren murmurs to Nick that he is cute and she knows she shouldn't like him before passing out; Nick stays so that Lauren is not left alone.
The next morning, Nick fixes breakfast for Lauren and Lily (Amy Sobol), who gives Lauren a go-for-him.
thumbs-up behind Nick's back.
Nick invites Lauren to meet him at the fire-station that night for dinner.
Lauren says she doesn't date clients, so Nick says fine-then he is out of the wedding, and kisses her on the way out while she reels from this new bombshell.
An 'emergency' meeting with Darla at the office - thankfully, over the guest list, not the groom cancelling the wedding.
- is supposed to include the groom, too.
Jay appears, and Lauren finds out that HE is the groom (Jay = James), not Nick, who is the best man.
Relieved, she goes to the fire-station to meet Nick that evening.
They have a romantic rooftop date al fresco, and Lauren admits she was reluctant to show her attraction because she thought he and Darla were together.
Nick says they dated briefly but were never a couple - Darla is not his type.
When Nick talks about what he wants in a woman, he doesn't notice Lauren's momentary reaction to 'unmarried.
' The rest of the date is perfect and they end up making love at Nick's apartment.
The next day, Darla's mother Lynda (Catherine Colvey) tells Lauren she caught Darla in flagrante delicto with someone who looked like Nick.
Lauren avoids Nick's calls, trying to sort out her own trust issues.
Next, Darla demands that Lauren move the wedding up to this Saturday; she says she's pregnant, but the child is not Jay's.
Lauren loses her temper, accusing Darla of hurting everyone who cares about her and Darla leaves angry.
That night, Brad tries to reconcile with Lauren.
He gets nowhere, and Lauren insists he finally sign the divorce papers.
On his way out, he meets Nick arriving with flowers.
Brad tells Nick that he is Lauren's husband, and Nick leaves.
After much frantic activity, all is ready for Darla's accelerated wedding.
Lauren wants everything perfect, despite her dislike of Darla, her own hurt feelings, and her resurfaced issues of trust.
But she walks in on Darla and yet another Corina brother, Rick (Tim Rozon) half-dressed.
Relief that Nick was not the one sleeping with Darla doesn't make her forgive Darla's continued selfishness, and she is lecturing them both when Jay arrives.
Jay and Rick get into a brawl, which neither Lauren, nor the next-to-arrive Nick can stop.
It requires G laying down the law to end it, after which she orders people to drink from her hip flask and get ready for the ceremony.
Lauren apologizes to Nick for thinking he was sleeping with Darla, but he interrupts that he's met Brad and knows that SHE was trying to have an affair on HER husband with him, leaving Lauren in shock.
During the wedding, Darla, Jay and Nick are angry, Jay, Rick and Lauren are drunk, and all three brothers and Lauren show signs of the brawl.
Then Jay states that he does NOT take Darla, and she says SHE would not marry HIM, either - she is in love with, and carrying the baby of, his brother Rick.
Jay leaves, and a dazed Rick moves into Jay's place.
At the reception, a drunken Lauren tells off several people, until Nick leads her away.
She tries to explain that she is divorcing Brad, and he tells her it doesn't matter - she didn't trust him.
He leaves and G fires Lauren.
The following morning, Lily vainly tries to comfort a hung-over Lauren.
The only bright spot is that Lauren no longer works for Delivered flowers momentarily bring Lauren hope, but they are from Lily's ex asking her to reconcile - life is full of surprises.
Lily tells Lauren that their mom wants to see Lauren for brunch.
Cookie tells Lauren that the magazine article praises Junior Wedding Planners like Lauren - G is not even mentioned.
Why doesn't Lauren share this with Brad.
Lauren finally tells her that Brad is an adulterer.
Cookie is horrified that she has been trying to reunite them, and Lauren admits that she was ashamed to tell her mother-with-a-perfect-marriage about her own failure.
Cookie says that she always has been and always will be proud of Lauren.
Lauren visits the office and G begs her to come back.
Lauren refuses, but acknowledges to herself that she misses the challenges and joys of her job.
She also knows that distrusting Nick drove him away.
She takes her mom's and sister's feedback and decides to try to carve out a new future for herself.
Lauren goes to the fire station, where she finds only Jay - Rick is in Tahiti on Jay's honeymoon, and Nick will be finishing up after a fire for hours yet.
Lauren says this can't wait, and Jay gives her a ride with sirens wailing and lights flashing to the site.
Lauren approaches Nick and says that he was right - she had trust issues.
But she knows that Nick is worth risking being hurt, and asks him to give her a second chance.
They hug and kiss, as the fire crew applauds.
Six months later, Lauren in her own wedding consultant business with her assistant Marc is getting ready for a ceremony - Nick and Lauren's wedding, held at the carnival with Jay as best man.
Several fire-fighter guests get paged and have to rush off, but Lauren has learned that the love is what is most important to making a 'perfect' ceremony, and the slight disruption does not bother either the bride or groom.
Sergio is a Toronto pastry shop assistant who is smitten with Hattie, a mousy girl who works in her father Perry's diner and refuses to consider a relationship with him until he begins to earn a decent living.
An opportunity presents itself when Linzer, Sergio's employer, offers him $20,000 to torch the store so he can collect the insurance money and use it to give his wife the lifestyle he feels she deserves.
Sergio declines the offer, but one night the bakery is burnt to the ground anyway.
Sergio is offered $25,000 to take the blame by the millionaire father of the real culprit, the mentally unstable Garet, who set the bakery on fire as a public declaration of his love for his society girlfriend Stephanie, whose attraction to Sergio, unbeknownst to her vengeance-seeking beau, is unrequited.
Despite his innocence, Sergio claims responsibility for the fire so he can use the money to claim Hattie as his own.
Linzer, however, has second thoughts about allowing Sergio to pay for the crime, so he confesses he did it, while his wife insists she set the blaze to prevent her husband from being imprisoned.
Sgt.
Zikowski is left to determine who of the four claiming guilt is the real perpetrator.
"Slammin" Cleon Salmon (Michael Clarke Duncan) is a former world heavyweight boxing champion who retired to open a sports-themed restaurant in Miami.
His antics lead him to believe that he owes $20,000 to the head of the Japanese Yakuza.
Needing to come up with the money in one night, he challenges the wait staff to sell more food than they have ever sold, with the top waiter receiving $10,000 in cash and the lowest waiter getting a "broken ribs sandwich" courtesy of the champ.
Zany hijinks ensue as the staff try to one-up each other and win the prize while avoiding a beating.
In the end, Cleon realizes that he only owed 20,000 Yen to the Japanese Yakuza (which works out to be $170) and shares the takings with the wait staff.
But before he goes to give the Japanese Yakuza the money, he beats up Guy since he was the lowest selling waiter.
Wilson (Scoot McNairy), a 29-year-old man who has just endured the most miserable year of his life, newly arrived in the City of Angels, is alone and penniless as New Year's Eve approaches.
He vows to lock his doors, pull his blinds, and climb into bed - until best friend Jacob (Brian McGuire) talks him into posting a Craigslist personal ad.
In seemingly no time at all Vivian (Sara Simmonds) responds, determined to be with the "right" man at the stroke of midnight.
Working as a television writer for a low-rated sitcom, Those McAllister's, Taylor Peters (Matthew Broderick) has developed a few vices, such as drinking, drug abuse and compulsive gambling, which have previously damaged his career to the extent that he takes sessions with an analyst only so his wife Lorraine (Maura Tierney) can feel he is taking the cure.
Adding to this stressful home life is the discovery that their 20-year-old niece Amanda (Brittany Snow) has run away from home to Las Vegas to work as a prostitute.
Although he writes a good comic scene for his lead actor Ed Begley, Jr, Taylor still has the need to run off to the track to play the horses, his only vice, but when his wife discovers it and threatens him with divorce, Taylor agrees to go to Amanda and try to get her into a rehab community in Malibu.
Taylor goes to Las Vegas and locates Amanda and realizes that, even though she is involved in a dangerous profession, she has accumulated wealth and retained a relatively refined attitude about life.
During the rescue, Taylor's drinking and drug addiction returns and his relationship with his wife crumbles, but he learns a large lesson about life and bonds with Amanda, entreating her to make some positive choice about her own life.
Two New Jersey mobsters are almost killed when a deal in Eastern Europe goes wrong.
They take refuge with their law-abiding cousin Bobby, who runs a fish and chip shop in Glasgow, Scotland.
But when one of the Americans takes a shine to Bobby's girl and the other clashes with local hoodlums, Bobby realises he has to stand up for himself or risk losing everything he loves.
Timothy (Tanner Cohen) is an openly gay student at a private boys' school.
Although now in his senior year, he is still persecuted by the aggressive rugby team, on whose captain, Jonathon (Nathaniel David Becker), he has a crush.
Timothy lives with his mother, Donna (Judy McLane), who is struggling with her son's sexuality and with getting a job, and his father who is not a part of his life.
Timothy is cast as Puck in the senior production of A Midsummer Night's Dream.
While reviewing his lines, he discovers the recipe for creating the flower love-in-idleness.
Timothy uses the flower to have the homophobic town take a "walk in his shoes".
The entire town is thrown into chaos as previously heterosexual community members fall in love with their same-sex friends, bosses, and co-workers: whomever they first saw after being sprayed by the flower.
The school drama teacher, ms Tebbit (Wendy Robie), guides Timothy towards the question of whether his actions have caused more harm than good.
Jack (Prinze Jr) is a thirty-something New York City advertising executive, living a life forged from routine.
He is successful and stylish.
and extremely bored.
Jack meets Jill (Manning) by chance on a rooftop.
Jill is looking for an apartment and asks Jack for directions.
Jack suggests Jill's name for an ad shoot.
Later he drives Jill to her apartment and realizes the neighborhood may not be all that safe.
He helps Jill move out of her place and the two move in together by week's end.
The pair pieces together a playful manifesto of "rules to live by".
Jack's best friend and business partner, George (Stebbings), notices a more playful side to Jack's usual cynicism, and wants to meet the cause.
Jill's free-spirited nature causes some friction, however.
When her long absences go unexplained, Jack forces Jill to confess that her disappearances are a result of the treatment she needs for cystic fibrosis, an ultimately terminal illness.
Jack is furious with Jill for violating their pact of honesty, and they break up.
A talk with his father Norman (Forster) incites Jack to find Jill.
Jack tracks down her wacky friend, Lucy (Parise), and pleads his case.
Convinced that he truly loves Jill, Lucy admits that Jill is catching a Greyhound bus cross-country to Hollywood.
Jack reevaluates his life, and just as he quits his job, a bomb threat is called in at his work.
Jack goes outside and George tells him that the bomb threat was called in by someone who wants to fight ugliness.
Jack realizes that the culprit has to be Jill.
The two make up, and with their new dog in tow, they hit the highway.
with no destination in sight except for a life together.
Rule 1 Be honest Rule 2 Believe in fairy tales Rule 3 Accept time as our friend Rule 4 Make sure the nookie is good Rule 5 Promote beauty.
Wage a sustained campaign against ugliness Rule 6 Abandon the pursuit of happiness and its false promise Rule 7 Show compassion, except to pirates Rule 8 Less TV Rule 9 Always be willing to admit when you're wrong.
Ed Malloy, a tough bouncer from Portland, Oregon, is dragged into a twisted web of lies, magic and kung fu.
Samantha Crain is a glamorous supermodel who has everything -- except for true love.
Her sister Cammy is an "Indiana Jones" styled botanist in search of a very rare lotus flower.
Meanwhile, a group of Chinese monks with high-flying martial arts powers are in search of the lotus as well, because they believe that whomever eats its petals will gain infinite powers.
(The also indignantly protest, "We are NOT ninjas.
" when anyone mischaracterizes them)  Samantha receives a package from her sister, who is trying to escape back to America, with the Chinese monks hot on her tail.
The package is the rare lotus flower.
It's arranged for the Crain sisters to meet in Portland.
But the monks intervene, and the Crain sisters flee separately.
While racing through the streets of Portland, Samantha seeks refuge in a bar that employs Ed Malloy Andrew Dice Clay, who is notoriously nicknamed "The Brainsmasher".
Malloy sees the monks and decides to help Samantha.
While on the chase from the monks (and occasionally, Malloy's mother) the two fall in love.
Desperate, the monks capture Malloy and hold him for ransom: His life for the lotus.
The Crain sisters agree, but then double-cross the monks, and Malloy saves the day by living up to his "Brainsmasher" moniker.
After experiencing a failure in the ending of the last film, Alfie - now working as a 1970s' cross London-France HGV driver alongside Bakey (Paul Copley) - decides to get back to his old self.
And his new occupation provides new opportunities to do so.
The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France, while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker (Vicki Michelle) in the back until the customs' officer catches her topless.
When arriving at their destination, he spots a woman (Jill Townsend) in a sports car.
They start racing until the police break it up.
Alfie soon finds comfort by flirting with the married waitress Louise (Rula Lenska), who takes him to her apartment.
During the night, her husband returns from his fishing trip, but Bakey, outside in the truck, sounds the horn as a warning.
Alfie later catches up with the woman from the race and learns her name is Abby and that she is a sophisticated magazine editor.
When she turns him down, he proceeds to stalk her until, after another car chase, she finally agrees to a date.
When Alfie gets his wish, he can't perform and leaves her apartment in anger.
This failure causes him to use his little black book to contact various women with whom he has a casual relationship.
However, some of these encounters lead him into trouble.
He faces the consequences of an encounter with Norma (Sheila White) and the wrath of the husband of older Fay (Joan Collins), when said husband discovers Alfie's wallet under their bed.
With Fay's encouragement, Alfie apologizes to Abby about leaving her apartment in a huff and asks her for a proper dinner.
He tells her what he never says to his lovers – that he loves her and wants her to marry him.
She agrees.
She then has to take a quick work-related flight.
When Abby leaves for the airport, Alfie is bed-ridden due to back pains.
When his older neighbor, Claire (Annie Ross), hears from another neighbor that Alfie can't move, she lets herself into his apartment and serves him tea.
When Alfie comments on Claire's perfume, she reveals her true feelings for him by suddenly entering his bed and taking her top off.
She ignores his protests but then her attempts to mount him fix his back, and he escapes before she succeeds in making actual intimate contact.
Alfie catches Abby before her flight takes off, and they decide to marry the following day.
In the morning Alfie waits for her in the airport, not having heard that her plane has crashed without any survivors.
Upon learning the news, Alfie drives to the crash site and cries over the wreckage.
Jason Steele is an actor who plays a doctor on TV.
He is so convincing at it, women of all kinds won't leave him alone.
His poker buddies are envious, but his fiancee, art teacher Melissa, isn't happy in the least.
She is unaware that the women paying so much attention to Jason are the wives and girlfriends of his fellow poker players, who confuse his TV role with the real Jason.
Melissa takes her frustration to her friend Stella, who hatches a scheme.
They will pretend Melissa has fallen in love with another man and decided to marry him, which will force Jason's hand.
Complications ensue and a fake Mexico divorce must be arranged as well.
Peter Klaven (Paul Rudd), a Los Angeles real estate agent, proposes to his girlfriend Zooey Rice (Rashida Jones), and she accepts.
Peter seems to not have any close friends to share the good news with, only family and mainly female acquaintances.
After overhearing Zooey's friends voicing their concerns over his lack of close male friends, Peter decides that he needs to find male friends in order to have a best man for the upcoming wedding.
Peter turns to his gay younger brother, Robbie (Andy Samberg), for advice on dealing with men.
He makes a series of overtures toward various men, including Barry (Jon Favreau), the persistently hot-headed husband of Zooey's friend Denise who doesn't really like Peter all that much to begin with.
A problem that only escalates when Peter inadvertently projectile-vomits on Barry after winning a beer-drinking contest and is kicked out of Barry's house.
Feeling rejected, Peter is about to give up, when during an open house at Lou Ferrigno's mansion which Peter is trying to sell, he meets Sydney Fife (Jason Segel), an investor who is attending the showing simply to pick up divorced women and take advantage of the free food.
The two quickly become friends, especially bonding over their mutual adoration of the progressive rock band Rush.
Peter introduces Sydney to Zooey at their engagement party, but the meeting takes an unfortunate turn when a nervous Sydney makes a very awkward toast.
The next night, Peter agrees to attend a Rush concert with Sydney, on the condition that he can bring Zooey.
During the concert, Zooey is left feeling ignored by Peter and Sydney.
The next day, while shopping for tuxedos, Sydney asks Peter why he is marrying Zooey, and also asks for an $8,000 loan.
After some thought, Peter decides to lend Sydney the money, and later grants him the honor of being best man at his wedding.
Zooey, meanwhile, has become suspicious of Sydney.
Peter tells Zooey that he lent Sydney money and asks her if she knows why they are getting married, since he had no answer to Sydney's question.
Hurt and angry, Zooey leaves.
Peter leaves for work the next morning only to discover that Sydney has used the $8,000 loan to purchase several ridiculous billboard advertisements promoting Peter's real estate business (using pictures of Peter he took of him on his iPhone).
Still upset over his fight with Zooey, Peter confronts Sydney and decides to end their friendship.
Peter then patches things up with Zooey, explaining to her that while he is nervous, he is ready to get married.
While Zooey and Peter prepare for the wedding, Sydney finds himself alone and desperate to hang with someone.
At work, Peter discovers that Sydney's billboard advertising campaign was successful.
Feeling encouraged, Peter finally stands up to his insufferable colleague, Tevin Downey (Rob Huebel), who had been badgering Peter for half the selling rights to the lucrative Ferrigno property.
When Tevin makes one final attempt to get a piece of the Ferrigno listing, Peter slaps him across his face and tells him to stay away from it.
Peter feels bad about fighting with Sydney but does not re-invite him to the wedding.
Instead, he assembles an array of random groomsmen that includes Robbie, father Oswald (J.
Simmons), and Ferrigno.
Before the wedding, Zooey sees Peter looking forlorn, clearly missing his friend Sydney.
She calls and invites Sydney, who is, unbeknownst to them, already en route to the wedding.
Just before the vows are to be taken, Sydney makes a dramatic entrance via moped.
He informs Peter and Zooey that he is, in fact, a successful investor and returns the money he borrowed from Peter, stating that the billboards were the couple's wedding present.
Peter and Zooey declare their love to each other, Sydney assumes the role of best man, and the wedding commences.
As the end credits begin to roll, we see the wedding reception, where Peter and Sydney join the hired band (played by OK Go) in a rendition of the Rush song "Limelight" pulling Zooey on stage to join them.
After the song ends, Sydney attempts to toast the newlyweds and Peter runs to frantically stop him as the screen cuts out (still remembering Sydney's ill-advised toast at the engagement dinner).
Destiny.
Is it beyond our control.
Or do we make our own.
These questions and other musings about the past and the future set the tone as we sail into the year’s most anticipated film about love and life.
Six people are brought together on a seven-day cruise that will change their lives forever: This comedy-romance-drama-musical will make you swoon, cry, laugh, and fall in love all over again.
While it takes you to three continents around the world (Asia, Africa, and Europe), it is nevertheless an intimate film about searching for love, following your dreams, and making your own destiny.
Jean, Polaire, and Schatze are ex-showgirls who put their money together in order to rent a luxurious penthouse apartment.
They are out to get wealthy boyfriends by dressing and acting like millionaires themselves.
Jean shows herself to be determined and ruthless, leaving the other girls behind.
The other two are more sensitive and trustworthy but only one woman will be able to find a rich husband.
Which is she.
Kirk Kettner (Jay Baruchel) is a twenty-something TSA officer employed at the Pittsburgh International Airport along with his friends, fellow TSA officer Stainer (T.
Miller), airline reservations agent Devon (Nate Torrence), and baggage handler Jack (Mike Vogel).
Kirk has a poor track record with dating and is hoping to reconcile with his self-centered ex-girlfriend, Marnie (Lindsay Sloane), who despite having broken up with him two years earlier, and having since found a new boyfriend Ron (Hayes MacArthur), has remained close with Kirk's parents (Debra Jo Rupp and Adam LeFevre), brother Dylan (Kyle Bornheimer), and pregnant sister-in-law-to-be Debbie (Jessica st Clair).
At work one morning, an attractive young woman, Molly McCleish (Alice Eve), arrives at the passenger terminal to board a flight to New York City.
While proceeding through the TSA security checkpoint, Molly's striking looks attract unwanted attention from several male TSA officers who try flirting with her awkwardly.
Kirk is the only TSA officer to treat Molly courteously.
On the airplane, she realizes that she accidentally left her cellphone in the airport security area.
When she calls up her phone, Kirk answers and arranges a time to meet the following evening so that Kirk can return it.
When Devon and Kirk arrive at the Andy Warhol Museum, where Molly, a lawyer-turned-event planner, is managing an event, Kirk collides with Molly's sister, Katie (Kim Shaw) and spills his drink on the museum director.
Kirk takes the blame for the incident to protect Katie, after which a grateful Molly offers Kirk tickets to a Pittsburgh Penguins hockey game at the Mellon Arena.
When Kirk and Stainer meet Molly and her best friend Patty (Krysten Ritter), who develops an immediate mutual loathing with Stainer (he subsequently refers to her as "The Hamburglar"), at the game, Kirk, still convinced Molly is not interested in him, assumes Molly meant to set him up with Patty, until Patty explicitly tells him of Molly's interest.
The two begin to date after this, with Kirk confiding in her his dream of becoming a pilot someday, though Stainer predicts their relationship will fail as he deems Molly a "10" in a scale of attractiveness, and Kirk only a "5", telling him a girl he loved once broke up with him for this very reason.
Patty, for her part, believes Molly had only chosen Kirk because he was a "safe" choice after being hurt by her last boyfriend, Air Force pilot Cam (Geoff Stults), who assumes Kirk is a waiter and attempts to order drinks from Kirk when they first meet, and then believing Kirk to be a homosexual friend of Molly's.
Molly then invites herself to Kirk's family lunch, where she charms his family and even Ron after highly intimidating the men of the house with her looks.
Molly's attentions to Kirk stir jealousy in Marnie, who feels upstaged by Molly's attractiveness, and takes a sudden interest in Kirk again.
After returning to Molly's apartment, Kirk ejaculates prematurely in his pants when things start to heat up, just as Molly's parents (played by Eve's real-life parents, Sharon Maughan and Trevor Eve) arrive for a surprise visit.
Desperate to conceal the stain on his pants, Kirk seems discourteous by avoiding to stand up and shake hands, and quickly leaves Molly's apartment.
Molly grows cool to Kirk after this, believing he fled to avoid meeting her parents.
At Jack's urging, Kirk admits the true reasons for his leaving, and their relationship resumes.
During a date, Kirk suggests to Molly that she throw a birthday party for Katie (with music provided by Stainer's Hall & Oates tribute band, "Adult Education").
Kirk is troubled, when Molly is intentionally vague about Kirk's line of work to her parents.
To add to his troubles, Molly's macho ex-boyfriend Cam shows up and messes with Kirk by deliberately alluding to Molly having some sort of "defect".
After the party, both of them go back to Molly's apartment and make out, where Kirk discovers Molly's "defect" is slightly webbed toes, which Kirk considers so minor that he decides that she is indeed too perfect for him.
Molly is upset that Kirk is so insecure that he felt he could only be with her if something was wrong with her.
After telling Kirk that she and Cam had broken up because of his own insecurities, with him even cheating on her, she admits she had indeed asked Kirk out because she considered him safe and breaks up with him.
Kirk leaves and later resumes his relationship with Marnie, planning on a family trip to Branson.
Stainer and Patty realize their mistake in telling Kirk and Molly it wouldn't work out; Stainer tells Kirk that he is a "10" too.
They pull Kirk off his plane as the aircraft prepares to depart to Branson as he tries to leave with his family and Marnie, while Patty brings Molly to the airport.
Kirk rejects Marnie during an unorthodox airport pursuit and meets Molly in the airport where she tells him that he is out of shape and she asked him out because she thought he was safe and wouldn't hurt her.
She then continues to tell him that she doesn't care what he is employed as and that she misses him and wants to be together with him.
Kirk and Molly then make up and resume their relationship, even if their friends don't approve it.
Later, as a surprise, Kirk is seen walking on the airport Tarmac with Molly where he takes Molly on a trip in a small plane, with him as the pilot.
The couple are last seen happily together in a small plane taking off from Pittsburgh airport.
The beautiful Princess Veronica (Hedy Lamarr) travels to New York City to find the American newspaper columnist she fell in love with six years earlier.
After checking into the elegant Eaton Hotel, she is mistaken for a new maid by bellboy Jimmy Dobson (Robert Walker), who offers to accompany her on an afternoon stroll through Central Park.
When they return, the hotel manager is shocked to see his bellboy with the princess and fires him for consorting with an important guest.
Veronica saves Jimmy's job by insisting that the manager assign him to be her personal attendant while she is in New York.
When he is not working, Jimmy spends time with his slow-witted friend and co-worker, Albert Weever (Rags Ragland), and their good friend and neighbor Leslie Odell (June Allyson), a former dancer who is now bedridden and crippled.
Leslie and Albert enjoy listening to Jimmy read fairy tale stories to them on their roof.
Jimmy is unaware that Leslie is secretly in love with him.
Meanwhile, Veronica's traveling companion Countess Zoe (Agnes Moorehead) is concerned about Veronica wanting to rekindle an old romance with newspaper columnist Paul MacMillan (Warner Anderson)—hardly an appropriate match for a princess.
She tries to persuade Veronica to forget her former American lover and marry the annoying Baron Zoltan Faludi, who followed her to New York, but the princess ignores her.
When Veronica learns that Jimmy knows Paul, she asks him to deliver an invitation to Paul for a formal ball being held at the hotel that evening.
At the ball, Veronica and Paul are finally reunited after six years.
Paul is still upset with her for abandoning him to marry another royal, who has since died.
When she offers to renew their relationship, he turns her down, saying they are from two different worlds.
After he leaves, Jimmy discovers her crying and tries to comfort her.
Not knowing that the bellhop has fallen for her, she asks him to take her to a bar called Jake's Joint, where Paul likes to hang out.
Knowing the bar is not appropriate for an elegant princess, Jimmy tries to change her mind, but she insists.
Believing that Veronica is in love with him, Jimmy rents a tuxedo for his big date.
Just before he leaves, Albert reminds him that he's been neglecting their invalid neighbor Leslie.
He goes to her room and gives her the corsage he had bought for the princess.
After he leaves, the young woman breaks down in tears, believing her secret love for him will never be returned, now that he is dating a princess.
She is left with her fantasies of dancing in the arms of the man she loves.
That night at Jake's Joint, while the princess is looking for Paul, Jimmy sees Albert in the company of gangsters.
Thinking that Jimmy had abandoned him, Albert tells him he's now joined up with the gang.
When the gang leader orders Albert to punch Jimmy, Albert punches the leader instead, and a brawl ensues.
Veronica gets involved in the fight and is arrested in a police raid.
While Veronica is in jail, news arrives at the hotel that her uncle has died from a fall and that she has succeeded to the throne.
The next morning, Jimmy wakes up in the bar after being knocked out during the fight, and makes his way to the hotel, where he is joined by Albert.
The princess' entourage are upset over news that she was arrested the night before.
Meanwhile, Paul arrives at the jail, bails out the princess, and accompanies her back to the hotel, where they learn that Veronica is now the queen of her country.
When he sees her distracted by the pressures of being a queen, Paul leaves in frustration.
Later, when Veronica invites Jimmy to accompany her back to Hungary, Jimmy misinterprets her intentions and believes she wants him to share the throne with her.
After accepting her offer, Jimmy packs his bags and stops by Leslie's room to say goodbye.
Wanting to show him that she is recovering from her disability, Leslie attempts to walk across the room to him, and just as she falls, he catches her in his arms.
Finally realizing how much Leslie loves him, and how much he loves her, Jimmy decides to remain in New York with her.
Returning to the hotel, Jimmy tells Veronica that he cannot go with her and be "king" because he loves another woman.
Realizing that Jimmy has given up what he believed to be his crown in order to be with the woman he loves, Veronica is inspired to abdicate her throne and return to Paul, the man she loves.
Sometime later, Jimmy is dancing at a nightclub with Leslie, who has made a full recovery, and they are joined by another happy couple, Veronica and Paul.
Carefree vagabond Johnny Rutledge (William Holden) is stuck in a small town when his medicine show employer and friend Professor Mordecai Ford (Charles Winninger) is put in jail.
He befriends a young girl named May Chalotte (Mary Jane Saunders).
She, her brothers January (Gary Gray) and February (Billy Gray), and her twin brothers March (Warren Farlow) and April (Wayne Farlow) are orphans.
However, fearful of being separated, they haven't told anybody.
Johnny finds himself being "adopted" as their uncle.
Johnny starts working hard to support his new family, working on a farm during the week and singing and waiting tables on Sunday in a restaurant owned by Jericho Schlosser (Sig Ruman).
Johnny makes the acquaintance of lovely heiress Prudence Millett (Coleen Gray) when she comes to inquire why the children are not in school.
A romance begins to blossom, despite Johnny's determination to remain free of entanglements.
When wealthy, unloved Jeffrey Gilland Sr.
(Frederic Tozere) orders Johnny to keep his disreputable children away from his son Jeffrey Jr.
(Tommy Ivo), Johnny scuffles with him and gets thrown in jail.
He is bailed out by Prudence, but his troubles are not over.
Plato Cassin (Clinton Sundberg) finds out about the children's parents and blackmails Johnny into agreeing to marry one of his older, spinster sisters, Genevieve (Peggy Converse) or Adelaide (Lillian Bronson), in order to keep the kids.
(Adelaide wins a ring toss game for the privilege) Plato also convinces Prudence that Johnny was using the children to romance her.
After thinking it over, Johnny decides to run away with Professor Ford.
May overhears and invites people to her birthday party, intending it to be a going-away party for Johnny.
Prudence shows up, having seen how far Johnny is willing to go for the children, and suggests he marry her instead.
Adelaide proves to be a sport; they toss a coin for Johnny.
Prudence wins, and Professor Ford leaves town alone.
In Latin America, Larry O'Brien (Douglas Fairbanks, Jr) sees Diane Forsythe (Loretta Young) and quickly falls in love.
She, however, is engaged to marry the much older Clive Lattimer (Edmund Breon).
Larry discovers that her motive is to save her stepfather, Areal Pacheco (Henry Kolker), from being shot.
Pacheco, the Minister of Finance, has embezzled $200,000 from the national treasury, and an audit is scheduled soon.
Lattimer is extremely wealthy and willing to make up the shortfall in exchange for Diane.
To keep Larry from disrupting the arrangement, Pacheco has his butler Luigi (Boris Karloff) arrange Diane's kidnapping (to Lattimer's country estate).
Larry rescues Diane and leaves her in the care of his friend, Archie Lester (Claud Allister).
Then he telephones a newspaper to report his "ransom" demand of $200,000.
Citizens demand Pacheco pay the sum, but Larry points out that Diane's fiance is the only person in the country with access to that much money.
Lattimer refuses at first, but soon caves in to the outrage.
Larry collects the money at the arranged dropoff point and later presents it to Pacheco, who then cancels Diane's engagement to Lattimer.
Gary Blake (Dick Powell) stars in a new show, On the Avenue, with Mona Merrick (Alice Faye).
The show contains a satire on The Richest Girl in the World, Mimi Carraway (Madeleine Carroll).
Mimi and her father (George Barbier) are in the audience on opening night and they feel insulted.
She goes backstage and tries to get Gary to take the skit out of the show.
He refuses and calls her a "bad sport".
Shocked by the remark, Mimi decides to make a date with Gary.
They spend the entire evening together and, by morning, have fallen in love.
He finally agrees to revise the skit so it can no longer hurt the Carraways.
Mona is in love with Gary and is furious when she hears about Gary's date with Mimi.
When the Carraways appear to see the revised sketch, she changes it, without Gary's knowledge, making it worse than before.
The Carraways decide to file suit against Gary.
To get back at him, Mimi buys the show from the producer and embarrasses Gary by hiring a paid audience to walk out on the show.
Word leaks out to the press and Gary is now the laughingstock of New York.
Furious, he tears up his contract, refusing to work with Mimi.
Soon, Mimi becomes engaged to Arctic explorer Frederick Sims (Alan Mowbray).
On her wedding day, Mona arrives and tells Mimi that it was she, not Gary, who changed the skit.
She runs out on the wedding and is taken to city hall with Gary to be married.
The movie's action is interspersed with songs from the play, including Berlin's songs "He Ain't Got Rhythm," and "Let's Go Slumming On Park Avenue".
Sam Clayton is too good for his own good.
A sermon by Rev.
Daniels persuades him to help others in every way he can, including his wife Lu's good-for-nothing brother, Claude, who's been living with them rent-free for six months, and their neighbors the Butlers, who need a car for a vacation when theirs breaks down.
Sam is a department store manager whose boss,C.
Borden, wants him to sell more and socialize less.
Sam's a shoulder for clerk Shirley Mae to cry on when her romance breaks up.
He also gives a $5,000 loan, without his wife's knowledge, to mr and mrs Adams, who need it to save a gas station they bought.
Lu is fed up with Sam's generosity, particularly when he ends up paying for the Butlers' car repairs, then letting the mechanic come over for home-cooked meals.
The last straw for Lu comes when she learns they have a chance to put a down payment on a new house, except Sam has lent their nest egg to the Adamses.
Sam is unhappy, too.
He's annoyed with the Butlers, who have crashed his car and can't pay to fix it.
He also wants Claude to move out.
Shirley Mae's troubles come to his door after she takes too many pills.
Sam even gets robbed, and the bank refuses to make him a loan.
He is at his wit's end when the Adamses surprise him with a check for $6,000.
They also give Claude a job, and Shirley Mae suddenly thinks she and Claude could have a future together.
Sam and Lu feel better about life, particularly when Borden surprises him with a promotion at work.
Sierra Young is a rising ingénue, making $10 million per picture.
She's also a spoiled brat, partying all night, complaining on the set, unable to perform well.
After a tantrum, in which she gets two black eyes, the director has her sent to a rehab clinic in a remote Utah town.
Within a day, she's run away and is taken in by Nettie, who runs a bed and breakfast.
Sierra also meets Nettie's grandson, Tyler, head of the local community theater.
Sierra invents a name, tells Nettie a wild story, and reads for a part in Tyler's production of "Taming of the Shrew".
Meanwhile, her entourage hires a private eye to find her.
Millie McGonigle (Evelyn Keyes), is riding a bus to work when the frustrated driver, Doug Andrews (Glenn Ford), stops the vehicle and quits.
As the assistant personnel director of a large department store, Millie is impressed by his independence and hands him her business card.
The next day, Millie learns that Tommy Bassett (Jimmy Hunt), a young boy she knows and likes very much, has lost his mother in a traffic accident.
With his father already killed in World War II, Tommy is sent to a foundling home.
An orphan herself, Millie quickly decides to adopt him, but learns from Ralph Galloway (Ron Randell), the head of the place, that she has to be married to have a chance.
Desperate, she invents a fiancé on the spot (conveniently away in Alaska), but Ralph insists on interviewing her phantom boyfriend within 60 days.
When Doug shows up looking for a job, Millie considers him very suitable husband material (as does the rest of her all-female staff) and accepts an invitation to a date.
However, as an unpublished author, Doug senses that there is something odd going on.
He finally gets her to confess what she is trying to do.
Doug quickly lets her know that he is a confirmed bachelor; however, he is willing to help the no-nonsense businesswoman land a spouse.
They decide to target an unsuspecting Ralph.
Doug's lessons prove highly effective.
Both the staid, respectable Ralph and the much more dashing Phil Gowan (Willard Parker), Millie's neighbor, fall in love with her.
By this time though, Millie has lost her heart to Doug.
After Doug learns that his book is going to be published, he quits his job at the department store and prepares to go to New York to work with the publisher.
Then a couple takes an interest in adopting Tommy.
Ralph informs a distraught Millie that her 60 days are up, gets her to admit there is no fiancé, and asks her to marry him.
Instead, she accepts Phil's proposal.
When she informs Doug, he advises her to never tell her future husband why she is marrying him, because "A man likes to think he's loved for himself alone".
Millie finds she cannot go through with the marriage.
She makes an agonizing choice; she decides to chase after Doug rather than keep on fighting for Tommy.
When she goes to see Tommy for the last time, Ralph informs her that the boy had been taken an hour before.
Heartbroken, she returns to her lonely apartment, only to find Doug there.
She kisses him repeatedly, confessing that she loves him even more than Tommy.
He is unmoved, brusquely ordering her to go wipe the smudged lipstick from her face.
When the bewildered woman goes to comply, she finds Tommy sleeping on her bed, and Doug stands behind her with a smile on his face.
Ryden Malby graduates from college in the middle of the late-2000s recession and is forced to move back in with her parents, because her dream job has been given to her arrogant college nemesis Jessica Bard.
Ryden and her best friend Adam, who has had a longtime crush on her, must find a job for Ryden before she loses hope for her future dream as an editor of a big publishing company, but her ambitions for getting a job blinded her from noticing that Adam was giving up going to New York in hopes that one day she will feel about him the same way he does for her.
After a while, Adam gives up and goes to Columbia and Ryden gets her dream job, but realizes she isn't really happy and quits her job to go and live with Adam.
At Chicago O'Hare International Airport, a group of Marines have just returned to the US from Iraq.
As the Marines leave, one Marine remains and makes his way towards the exit.
The Marine's name is Jesse Rodriguez (Freddy Rodriguez).
The film cuts to a house where a man, Edy Rodriguez (Alfred Molina) is on a ladder nailing up a welcome home sign for Jesse.
The woman, his wife, Anna Rodriguez (Elizabeth Peña) gives him a rather disgruntled look before leaving to prepare for Jesse's return.
Edy then travels to his store, a small neighborhood supermarket, called Bodega.
Along the way, and even in the store, Edy appears to be quite popular with the ladies.
Back at the airport, Jesse finally meets up with his friend and cousin Johnny (Luis Guzman) and Ozzy (Jay Hernandez), who have come to pick him up.
On the way to his fathers store, Jesse takes off his eye-patch to reveal that he can still see, but the area around his eye is badly injured.
After some prompting from Johnny and Ozzy, he reveals that he was the lucky one, as his friend Lenny was not as lucky and Jesse feels some guilt for this.
On the way, the three pass a park and Jesse tells them to stop.
The park was their childhood playground and the three take a little time off to play a game of baseball and reminisce.
While at the park, Ozzy spots Alexis (Manny Pérez), the man who killed his brother, recently been released from prison.
Ozzy stares at Alexis, and Alexis stares back, however, before Ozzy is able to make his way to Alexis, both Jesse and Johnny hold him back then they make their way to Edy's store.
Jesse's sister Roxanna (Vanessa Ferlito) arrives by taxi, although everyone assumes she came in a limo because they all assume that she made it big in Hollywood as an actress.
Jesse's Brother Mauricio (John Leguizamo) also arrives, along with his wife Sarah (Debra Messing).
Sarah greets Anna and it is evident that she is not exactly comfortable around her in-laws but she is making an effort, even speaking a bit of Spanish.
However, the topic drifts towards children and Anna makes it very clear that she wants grandchildren, but Sarah is a very business driven woman and isn't ready for kids, this causes some tension between Sarah, Anna, and Mauricio.
After things settle down, everyone sits down and begins to catch up and each persons story is brought up: Jesse has just returned from a three-year tour in Iraq and is being prepared by Edy to take up the family business; Roxanna is waiting on news regarding a new TV deal; and Mauricio is an attorney and Sarah is in finances and making a great deal of money, but don't have time for much else.
The conversation moves towards Jesse's experience in Iraq, but it is obvious that he does not want to talk about it (important later).
Soon after, Marissa (Melonie Diaz), her son, and her boyfriend Fernando (Ramses Jimenez) arrive.
Marissa is Roxanna's best friend from childhood, and Jesse's ex-girlfriend.
It is evident that Jesse still has feelings for Marissa and vice versa, but there is much tension in the air.
After everyone has arrived, they all sit down for Christmas dinner.
Everyone is digging into an abundant pile of food, chatting away, while Sarah sits there with a look of awe on her face as she has never experienced the holidays with Mauricio's family.
Edy is about to give a toast to everyone but gets a call, it seems that Edy has been getting a lot of calls, and often runs out when he does which gets Anna suspicious that he is having an affair, and cheating on her again (there was one previous incident in the past).
Well, when the phone rings during Edy's toast, he stops to answer the call, and having broken the last straw, Anna proclaims that she is divorcing Edy.
At first everyone thinks this is a joke, but it is soon evident that Anna is dead serious.
Edy reacts with little emotion, saying that if it is what Anna wants then he can't really do anything about it.
Mauricio is vehemently against this and tries to get some support from Jesse, whose response is similar to his father's, which angers Mauricio further.
At this time, Johnny, Ozzy, Marissa and Fernando excuse themselves as it is a family matter.
After more arguing, everyone leaves to vent, except for Sarah, who stays at her seat and continues eating, sort of a gesture of comfort/support to Anna; and the two have a somewhat awkward yet endearing bonding moment.
At night, Jesse is about to go to bed when Edy shows up, having been kicked out of the bed room and is not bunking with Jesse.
Father and son have a conversation about Jesse's experiences but Edy can't really get much out of his son.
Later that night, Mauricio is up in the Attic thinking about the nights events when Roxanna shows up.
The two share a drink and Jesse shows up.
The siblings reminisce about their childhood and what the future will be like after their parents divorce.
Both Roxanna and Jesse are relatively neutral on the matter, but Mauricio is very against them.
Being the only one of the three to be married, he believes that after 35 years of marriage, their parents have to have at least some love for each other, and that there is always a chance to salvage what remains of their marriage and he says all this while in his underwear (humorous scene).
In the morning, Jesse catches up with Marissa while she is walking to work.
She still hasn't forgiven him for leaving her several years ago.
As it turns out, Jesse didn't want to stay in town and follow in his fathers footsteps and ended signing up for the marines.
While in Iraq, his unit was holed up in a building for the night, Lenny offered to take Jesse's watch so he can grab something to eat.
While Jesse is getting some food, a rocket propelled grenade is shot into the building and Lenny is killed, while everyone else is injured.
Ever since then, Jesse blames himself for Lenny's death since it was supposed to be his watch, and his life that would be lost.
Marissa sympathizes and forgives him.
Back at the house, Mauricio is attempting to get Anna and Edy back together by bringing over their priest, Father Torres (Manny Sosa).
Anna returns home and Mauricio brings her into the kitchen.
Anna is clearly drunk and is very upset.
Another argument ensues and everyone is at everyone else's throat.
Mauricio argues with Anna regarding having children, Roxanna reveals that shes not a star and can barely make ends meet.
Both Mauricio and Roxanna think Jesse has it easy, since he gets the store to manage as soon as he returned.
However, Jesse doesn't want to manage the store and his guilt over Lenny's death has been haunting him since his return.
After more arguing, everyone leaves.
Roxanna, Jesse and Mauricio end up in a bar to drink/party to vent off some tension.
Sarah gets back to the house and finds out that everyone has left.
Edy offers to give her a ride to the bar where everyone is.
While driving Sarah to the bar to meet the others, Edy appears to have a heart attack and stomps on the brakes.
Luckily, they skid into a parking area and no one is injured; Sarah is able to fetch Edy's medication from the glove box in time.
As Sarah looks at the bottles, she realizes that Edy is really very ill and that that's the reason he's getting those phone calls (the doctor).
Edy makes her promise to not tell anyone, since he doesn't want anyone to worry so they can enjoy the holidays.
At the bar, everyone takes the chance to have some fun, drinking and dancing.
Sarah gets hammered and starts dancing with Mauricio, who can't dance at all but does so anyway.
Everyone is having a blast and Jesse takes the time to talk to Marissa.
Roxanna, receives a call from her agent (with no actual news regarding the new part), goes outside to answer the phone and have a smoke.
While Roxanna is out having a smoke, Ozzy comes out to talk to her.
It is obvious that Ozzy likes Roxanna, but she is a bit apprehensive as she sees him as a gang-member type person, although Marissa has noted that he hasn't been part of that crowd for quite some time.
Roxanna and Ozzy go to the local ice rink to talk, and Roxanna tells him that she really isn't much of a star since she has only had a few small roles in TV and commercials and can't really get a big part.
Ozzy assures her that she will get her big break, but she is not so sure.
Roxanna mentions returning home since her career isn't going anywhere, and her mom may need her around during the divorce.
Ozzy is happy that Roxanna may stay, but is supportive of her career.
The next day, everyone prepares to have a little Christmas carol parade, where people travel from house to house caroling, and people join along the way until nearly the entire neighborhood has joined in.
The parade ends with everyone arriving at the church for a big party/dinner.
Everyone is dancing and having fun.
Fernando goes off to get something to drink and Jesse asks Marissa for a dance.
The two begins to get close and Jesse leans in to kiss her, just as Fernando lunges in and hits Jesse.
Jesse (being a marine) pummels Fernando before his friends drag him off.
While this is happening, Ozzy can't take it anymore and leaves to confront Alexis.
Alexis is returning home with his mother and sees Ozzy.
Knowing what Ozzy has come to do, he tells his mother to go into the house and make dinner, while he goes outside with Ozzy.
Outside, Alexis tells Ozzy that he's ready to die, and has been for many years while in prison.
Ozzy is visibly struggling to decide whether or not to kill Alexis, just then, his phone rings, it's Roxanna.
Ozzy gives up, and lets Alexis live, and leaves to meet Roxanna.
Ozzy and Roxanna go to the river, where he gets rid of the gun, and the two kiss.
After midnight mass, Edy drives Anna home.
On the ride home Anna confronts Edy about his affair, but all Edy will say is that all he wants is to have a good Christmas with the whole family, and that they should keep it together until the kids leave.
Anna says that after the kids leave, there will be nothing more to talk about.
Edy is now alone in the kitchen, drinking.
Jesse and Mauricio return home and join their father, each drinking to their own little problems.
Edy, decides to do one last thing for Anna and finally cut down that tree so the three go outside and secure the tree to a chain that is connected to the rear bumper of Edy's car.
Edy guns the engine but the rear bumper comes off and he crashes into a parked car, injuring himself.
Anna calls the ambulance and Edy is rushed off to the hospital.
Before the ambulance leaves, Sarah runs out to Anna and hands her all of Edy's medications since she's the only one who knows how serious his health is.
The whole family is at the hospital to check on Edy.
It turns out that Edy has cancer, it's serious but he's being treated for it.
Anna finally realizes that Edy was not cheating on her, and that the Susan that Edy was talking to was actually his oncologist.
The couple make their peace and profess love for each other, and then Anna smacks Edy for being stupid and not telling her sooner.
Having seen how frail life can be, Sarah decides to have children, and take the new position at work, and will try to balance both in her life with support from Mauricio.
Back at the house, Anna is teaching Roxanna and Sarah how to cook with moderate success.
Roxanna gets a call from her agent, and when she returns, it appears as she has not gotten the part.
Outside the house, Ozzy comes by to talk to Roxanna and she reveals that she actually did get the part, but it wasn't a very big part anyway, and she thought it would be best to stick with her family during these times, so she turned down the part.
Jesse visits Marissa to drop off some Christmas presents and to apologize for his behavior the previous night.
She forgives him, but she has a relationship with Fernando now and a happy family life.
Jesse concedes and wishes her a happy life.
After leaving, Jesse sits on a park bench, making a call to Lenny's parents to tell them about their son and how he died so he can get closure and move on.
After discharge from the hospital, Edy takes Jesse to his store, Jesse has decided to take up the family business instead of going back to Iraq.
Emma Allen and Olivia 'Liv' Lerner are best friends who have planned every detail of their weddings, since first witnessing a wedding 20 years ago at the Plaza Hotel.
They both have made it a priority to be married in the same location in June.
The two get engaged at 26, and are expected to be each other's maid of honor.
They schedule their weddings with New York's most famous wedding planner, Marion st Claire, but due to a clerical error they are scheduled to have a wedding on the same day, June 6 (three and a half months later).
A week of passive aggressive hostility passes before the two women make it clear that neither will compromise, especially after the headstrong Liv hopes that Emma's passive nature would end their wait of who will surrender their date.
Emma's fiancé, Fletcher, begins to show signs of being controlling.
The two women declare war after a slight misunderstanding that Liv already set her wedding date, outraging Emma who sets her date as well, which Liv becomes aware of at their shared shower party.
The two exchange threats and insults in front of their friends who decide not to take sides.
Both women attempt to sabotage each other's wedding, including Liv changing Emma's dance instructor, Emma secretly sending Liv candy to make her too fat to fit into her dress, Liv making Emma's tan turn bright orange, Emma tampering with Liv's hair dye to turn Liv's hair a shocking blue-white color, Liv registering Emma on Babies-R-Us as pregnant, and Emma showing up to Liv's bachelorette party to out-dance her.
Emma and Fletcher get into an argument regarding Emma's maniac behavior of sabotaging Liv's wedding and their friendship, including how Emma has changed since they first met.
Emma and Fletcher are shown to undergo strains in their relationship because of Emma's new found opinionated and confident trait, a depart from her usual people-pleasing characteristics.
Liv has learned to be more sensitive and expressive, which gives her a sense of relief to finally have the luxury of being able to let go and be less controlling.
However due to her stress about the wedding and strained friendship with Emma, she ends up fired from her job.
Both brides-to-be are shown to be in the Plaza very shortly before they are due to be wed, separately.
Right before Liv leaves to begin her march to the altar, she encounters Emma's father and receives his blessing; immediately she regrets setting up a wild spring break DVD to play at Emma's wedding.
She sends her assistant Kevin to replace the DVD with the right one, filled with childhood memories.
Thinking that the DVD is for a prank, he does not do so.
Before the brides enter their respective venues, they share a moment of reconciliation as they both smile at each other.
Emma begins her walk down the aisle but stops when the footage of her spring break is shown.
She loses her temper and tackles Liv after sprinting to the other section of the Plaza.
The two brides wrestle in their dresses on the floor while the people closest to the brides having decided to let the brides resolve the problem.
After tussling, Emma and Liv lie on the ground panting, and then make up.
Emma stands up and walks over to Fletcher who is upset at Emma's behavior.
Emma tells him that she is not the same person he fell in love with ten years ago and that she has now changed, as it has been apparent that she learned to be more assertive.
With that, the two tearfully call off their wedding.
Liv's wedding resumes with Emma participating and dancing with Nate, Liv's brother and a well known magazine journalist.
The movie picks up a year later when Liv and Emma meet up for drinks, where it's revealed that Emma married Nate.
Emma and Liv also reveal to each other that they are pregnant and that their due dates are the same, March 3, and both friends get excited.
A girl (Garland) and her friend (Bartholomew) go to great lengths to prevent her widowed mother from marrying the wrong person.
In Toronto, 22-year-old Scott Pilgrim is a bass guitarist in Sex Bob-Omb, a floundering garage band.
To the disapproval of his friends, he is dating Knives Chau, a high-school student.
Scott meets an American Amazonca delivery girl, Ramona Flowers, having first seen her in a dream, and loses interest in Knives.
When Sex Bob-Omb plays in a battle of the bands sponsored by record executive G-Man Graves, Scott is attacked by Ramona's ex-boyfriend Matthew Patel.
Scott defeats Patel and learns that, in order to date Ramona, he must defeat the remaining six evil exes.
Scott breaks up with Knives, who blames Ramona and swears to win him back.
Scott defeats Ramona's second evil ex, Hollywood actor and skateboarder Lucas Lee, by tricking him into performing a dangerous stunt.
He defeats her third ex, vegan Todd Ingram, who is dating Scott's ex-girlfriend, Envy Adams, by tricking him into drinking dairy.
He defeats Ramona's fourth ex, Roxy Richter, by prodding the spot behind her knee, which Ramona tells him is her weak point.
Scott becomes upset with Ramona's dating history, and Ramona breaks up with him.
At the next battle of the bands, Sex Bob-Omb defeats Ramona's fifth and sixth evil exes, twins Kyle and Ken Katayanagi, earning Scott a 1-up.
Ramona gets back with her seventh evil ex, Gideon, also known as G-Man Graves, the sponsor of the event.
Sex Bob-Omb accepts Gideon's record deal, except for Scott, who leaves the band in protest.
Gideon invites Scott to his venue, the Chaos Theater, where Sex Bob-Omb is playing.
Resolving to win Ramona back, Scott challenges Gideon to a fight for her affections, earning the "Power of Love" and a sword.
Knives fights Ramona over Scott, and Scott is forced to reveal that he dated them concurrently.
After Gideon kills Scott, Ramona visits him in limbo and reveals that Gideon has implanted her with a mind control device.
Scott uses his 1-up to restore his life.
He makes peace with his friends and challenges Gideon again, this time for himself.
He gains the "Power of Self-Respect" and disarms Gideon with the sword it grants him.
He apologizes to Ramona and Knives for cheating on them, and Scott and Knives join forces to defeat Gideon.
Free from Gideon's control, Ramona prepares to leave.
Knives accepts that her relationship with Scott is over.
At her encouragement, he follows Ramona.
Tim Burke, a movie stuntman, is approached by a fellow named Denno Noonan with a peculiar offer.
Noonan identifies himself as an employee of the eccentric millionaire Schuyler Tatlock, who moved to Hawaii and has not been seen in public for years.
Schuyler is dead, Denno says, but he doesn't want the family to know that.
Instead, he wants Burke to pretend to be Schuyler at a reading of the dead man's will.
It will only take three days and Burke would be rewarded handsomely for his trouble.
Burke dyes his hair and affects the voice and manner of the somewhat scatterbrained millionaire the best he can.
Schuyler's younger sister Nan is among those fooled.
The dead man's fortune is to be divided between the two children.
But when it turns out that Schuyler is to be solely responsible until the 19-year-old Nan can turn 21, Burke is adamant that he will not continue the masquerade for two whole years.
Trouble develops.
Nicky Van Allen, a cousin, begins meddling in the family's affairs.
Burke overhears a scheme for Nicky to marry Nan and get his hands on her money.
And when he falls through a roof and is knocked unconscious, Burke wakes up speaking and acting in his normal way, confusing Nan until she decides that the blow has changed Schuyler's entire personality for the better.
Nan is so fond of her brother now that her feelings can't be real.
Everything changes, though, when Denno produces the actual Schuyler, who is very much alive.
Burke and Nan are pleased to discover that they no longer need to behave like brother and sister.
The story, adapted by Grover Jones from a magazine story by Australian author Wylie, casts Gloria as a streetwise girl who is sent to a summer camp for wealthy girls.
She is at first bullied by the other girls, but she stands up for herself and wins everyone over, including the girl who had bullied her the most, to earn a place in their group, "The Purple Order of Penguins".
A week from the end of high school, Andy (Mickey Rooney) is keenly anticipating his graduation, but is putting more effort into running the various student committees - most of which he chairs - than studying for his examinations.
His father, honorable judge Hardy (Lewis Stone) learns that Andy has been giving money for tuition to a fellow student, a girl named Kathryn Land (Kathryn Grayson).
Judge Hardy also learns that Kathryn's father is poor.
On his father's advice, Andy attempts to offload some of his own study work, and asks Kathryn Land to be his private secretary, much to the chagrin of his steady girlfriend Polly Benedict (Ann Rutherford).
Polly gets quite jealous of Kathryn when she discovers that Andy's bought stockings for Kathryn to wear at graduation.
Kathryn's brother Harry (Todd Karns) takes on the task of designing decorations for the graduation ceremony.
The father, a down-on-his-luck international travel expert, is helped by Judge Hardy's (Lewis Stone) connections in the US State Department to find a better job.
While Andy is struggling with his English exams, Kathryn's brother Harry proves to be quite the scholar, showing no problems at all with his exams.
Andy is devastated when he miserably fails his English examination, which means he cannot graduate.
He admits his failure to the class and resigns from all committee work.
Kathryn and Harry's father is offered a job in South America, which would mean money, but also that the family would have to leave before graduation was completed for the siblings.
Andy wants them both to graduate, and "helps" them out by editing the telegram to the father about the date for traveling to the south, letting them stay a few days longer.
Andy's attempt to help his friends attend commencement results in another disaster — the father's job offer is rescinded.
But his friends persuade the school principal that the school rules allow him to retake the exam, given his high quality work during the past year.
He passes - but only just.
All ends well, of course.
Andy graduates and is given a new car by his father; Kathryn sings at the ceremony, Harry wins the Governor's Prize and is offered a job, and their impoverished father Steven Land (Ian Hunter) gets a job as a court interpreter.
The plot of the novel revolves around the title character Jane Spring, an attractive and intelligent 31-year-old Manhattan assistant district attorney and West Point general's daughter who grew up without a female role model and struggles to understand why she fails to 'keep' men in a relationship.
Spring is described as "militaristic", "no-nonsense", "aggressive", "abrasive", "caustic" and "tomboyish", and a "domineering hellion.
who makes old ladies cry on the stand and men run for the hills".
A review in The Age characterizes Spring as the antithesis of Helen Fielding's fictional character Bridget Jones.
A military brat, she prioritizes discipline and motivation and disdains 'civilians' who lack these qualities.
A series of events, including overhearing her colleagues' thoughts about her and seeing a Doris Day marathon, ultimately give way to an epiphany and prompt her to reevaluate her approach and undergo a transformation to "get in touch with her feminine side".
Laida Magtalas is a modern-day Belle.
"Miggy" is the youngest member of the Montenegro clan – a well-established family in the business.
She applies as an Editorial Assistant at Miggy's newly launched men’s magazine, "Bachelor".
Laida revels working in such close proximity with the man of her dreams.
The film opens with Laida starting out her day for a job interview with Flippage, owned and managed by her crush Miguel "Miggy" Montenegro.
Unbeknownst to her, on the day of her interview, Miggy was having a heated meeting with his creative team on the issue of the Bachelor, Flippage’s men's magazine.
Miggy’s mean demeanor and undermining of both his friend and editors causes a walkout of half of the team.
In the middle of the chaos, Laida was hired on the spot after she presented Miggy with coffee left by an attendant who also walked out after being screamed at.
By some stroke of luck, Laida lands the job.
Laida remains blinded to the fact that the Miggy of her dreams is very different from the real one.
In reality, he is an unapologetic, hothead who always thinks he's in the right and obsesses about nothing making his magazine number one.
Everyone is scared of him with the exception of the love-struck Laida, who adamantly defends him.
Imperceptively, she caters to his every whim, even sending her in his absence on a date with his girlfriend, breaking her heart a little.
Her colleagues question her unrelenting devotion to such a monster and when Laida continues to proves her loyalty to Miggy, gossip regarding her feelings for the boss starts to circulate.
However the moment was short lived, as the next day after Laida made a suggestion in regards to an article content that Miggy should put for the magazine, Miggy publicly humiliates her and her knowledge of sex and questioned her virtue (virginity) in front of the staff by making her say the word “Sex”.
Miggy was later embarrassed himself after he realized that it was Laida who made the last minute call and effort to find a printing press to do a rush job on their magazines overhaul.
After being chastised by the despotic Miggy, Laida’s finally opens her eyes and sees him for the tyrant he truly is.
The confrontation with Laida was a rude awakening for Miggy as well and he realizes why people are so put-off by him.
Miggy then tries with much difficulty on his part of apologizing in his own way to Laida.
First by ordering pizza for the team and serving a slice himself to her, which Laida ignores.
Laida, now disenchanted with Miggy was called in by her work.
However upon arriving in Miggy’s apartment, she found him high with fever with very little food or necessities in his apartment, with no househelp or family to care for him.
Laida took care of Miggy, missing her own mother's birthday.
Miggy woke up during a break in fever and saw the exhausted Laida next to him patting his back as a mother would to a sick child.
This prompted Miggy to realize his feelings to Laida igniting a change in him and wishing Laida to be more closer to him as well as being more friendly with the rest of his team.
The productivity and atmosphere of the company thus also changed in a positive note.
Miggy also became comfortable enough to tell Laida the truth behind his past, that he was an illegitimate child of his father later adopted to the main family after his mother's death.
Thus, his strong desire is to prove himself to his father and older brother.
For the first time in his life, Miggy garners the gumption to apologize and this new-found humility opens up a whole new world of “firsts” for Miggy.
With Laida's help, Miggy slowly learns to be more of a team player and the true value of loyalty.
Gwen Moss (Jeanne Tripplehorn) has spent the better part of her life waiting for the man of her dreams, unaware she briefly bumped into him at school as children and has had several close encounters ever since.
She aspires to have a life like her longtime friend Debbie (Jennifer Aniston), a successful doctor with a beautiful home but a marriage that may not be as perfect as it seems on the surface.
Gwen is hired to ghostwrite the autobiography of former child star Francesca Lanfield (Sarah Jessica Parker), whose career virtually ended following her stint on a long-running Partridge Family-Brady Bunch hybrid sitcom.
Francesca owns La Fortuna, a picturesque vintage apartment complex (filmed at the historic El Cabrillo).
Architect Nick Dawkan's (Dylan McDermott) boss Timo wants to buy and demolish the complex so his firm can construct a modern condominium development in its place.
Francesca agrees to the sale as long as Nick is placed in charge of the project, and the two embark on a somewhat tempestuous relationship.
Both are damaged emotionally; Francesca has overcome an addiction to drugs but still craves the spotlight, while Nick is dealing with the memory of a father who failed as a songwriter and became a hopeless alcoholic.
Meanwhile, Gwen is shocked to discover her father Saul never loved her mother Beebee and is devastated when the two decide to divorce.
Her parents' story of how they met from her childhood turns out to be false: Saul got stood up by his date that night and Beebee thought that he was interested in her.
They only married to "avoid an argument", as Saul puts it.
Gwen moves into La Fortuna and finds herself surrounded by an assortment of odd but lovable neighbors who have created a family of their own.
When the tenants are presented with eviction notices, they decide to fight back.
Having discovered the property was designed by Sophia Monroe, one of the first female architects of note (and coincidentally Nick's mentor during the early stages of his career), and served as home to silent film star Louise Brooks, Gwen hopes she can have it declared an historical landmark with the assistance of Jon Haas, the city councilman she is dating.
Nick is prepared to fight for his firm until he sees La Fortuna and learns its history and decides it might be worth preserving after all.
Though ultimately unsuccessful in preserving La Fortuna, they finally meet at the Nicotine Anonymous meeting, are then happily married, and have a daughter together.
Marge Winton (Marion Davies) is fed up with having to quit job after job to avoid the advances of lecherous bosses.
When she goes to the employment agency, she is surprised to discover that she is too beautiful for one position.
So she gives herself a makeover, hiding her blond curls under a dark, severe wig, putting on glasses, and wearing a drab, unflattering dress.
The disguise works.
Book publisher Abigail Belldon (Louise Fazenda) hires her as a secretary for lazy writer Freddy Matthews (Robert Montgomery).
Freddy would rather go out and party with his girlfriend Camille Lansing than start on his novel.
Abigail has already sold the film rights, and the deadline for delivering the book to the film studio is fast approaching.
She figures a plain secretary will be one less distraction.
Despite his initial displeasure at Marge's appearance, Freddy gives in and accepts her.
However, Camille keeps taking up too much of Freddy's time and attention, and Marge begins to fall for him as well.
Thus, Marge has plenty of reason to try to sabotage their relationship.
When this is discovered, she quits.
A complication arises when Freddy decides to rehire her.
He shows up at her apartment unexpectedly and sees her without her disguise, so she has to pretend to be her roommate Sadie (Patsy Kelly).
They spend the entire evening and part of the morning getting acquainted.
With the deadline only days away, however, Marge pretends to go out of town for a couple of weeks.
The plan backfires.
Instead of writing, Freddie goes after her.
Camille finds out and follows as well.
Marge has no choice but to show up at the hotel, registering first as the plain secretary, then as Sadie, juggling her two personas to keep Freddie in the dark.
She finally gets an outline from him for the last few chapters, which she uses to finish the novel on her own.
Since he gave the outline to "Sadie", and she had no opportunity to give it to Marge, Freddie finally realizes that they are one and the same.
He decides to marry her anyway.
Abby Richter (Katherine Heigl) is a morning show TV producer in Sacramento, California.
Abby firmly believes in true love and is a big supporter of complex self-help books such as Chicken Soup for the Soul and Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus.
Coming home from a disastrous date, she happens to see a segment of a local television show, The Ugly Truth, featuring Mike Chadway (Gerard Butler), whose cynicism about relationships prompts Abby to call in to argue with him on-air.
The next day, she discovers the TV station is threatening to cancel her show because of its poor ratings.
The station owner has hired Mike to do a segment on her show.
At first, the two have a rocky relationship; Abby thinks Mike is crass and disgusting while Mike finds her to be naive and a control freak.
Nevertheless, when she meets the man of her dreams, a doctor named Colin (Eric Winter) living next to her, Mike convinces her that by following his advice she will improve her chances with Colin.
Abby is skeptical, but they make a deal: If Mike's management of her courtship results in her landing Colin, proving his theories on relationships, she will work happily with him, but if Mike fails, he agrees to leave her show.
Mike succeeds in improving the ratings, brings married co-anchors Georgia and Larry closer and successfully instructs Abby to be exactly what Colin would want through a number of pointers including: always laugh at his jokes and say he is amazing in bed.
Mike is invited to appear on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson and is offered a job at another network.
Abby is forced to cancel a romantic weekend away with Colin, during which they had planned to finally sleep together, and instead fly to Los Angeles to persuade Mike to stay with her show.
They drink and dance and Mike admits he does not want to move because he wants to stay in Sacramento near his sister and nephew.
In the hotel elevator, they passionately kiss, but go to their separate rooms.
Mike, dealing with the intensity of his feelings for Abby, calls on her room only to find Colin has shown up to surprise her.
Mike leaves.
Abby is upset and soon realizes Colin only likes the woman she has been pretending to be, not the real her.
She breaks up with him.
Mike quits and takes a job with a rival TV station in Sacramento, and ends up doing a broadcast at the same hot air balloon festival as Abby.
He cannot resist intruding when she kicks the new "Mike Chadway" imitator off the air and goes into a tirade about what cowardly weaklings men are.
The balloon takes off while they argue.
Abby says she broke up with Colin, and Mike admits he loves her.
Abby kisses him while they fly off, all of which is broadcast due to a camera mounted in the balloon.
The film ends with Abby and Mike in bed.
When Mike asks if she was faking it, Abby responds, "You will never know it".
Steven Jay Russell is on his deathbed, recalling the events of his life that led him to this point.
He spent his early adult years in Virginia Beach as a police officer.
He plays the organ at church, has unenthusiastic sex with his wife, Debbie, and spends his off-hours searching for his biological mother, who had placed him for adoption as a child.
Steven locates his biological mother, but she rejects him.
He then quits the police force and moves to Texas and works for Sysco, the family business.
After a car crash on the way to a homosexual tryst, Steven leaves his family and life behind, though he keeps in touch with his wife and young daughter, and explores the world as his true self – a gay man.
He moves to Miami, where he finds a boyfriend, Jimmy, and they adopt a luxurious lifestyle.
To keep themselves in the style to which they have become accustomed, Steven becomes a con man.
Steven is pursued by the police, and, after jumping off a parking garage, is sent to prison, where he falls in love with inmate Phillip Morris.
Steven cannot bear to be separated from Phillip.
After being released, he helps get Phillip freed from prison by posing as a lawyer, then attains wealth by fraudulently acquiring a position as Chief Financial Officer of a large medical management company called USAMM.
Steven eventually is caught embezzling.
While in the police car he reminisces about Jimmy in Florida dying of AIDS.
He asks the police for Phillips insulin and injects himself.
He goes back to prison, Phillip is also sent to prison as an accomplice and angrily tells Steven he never wants to see him again.
Months later, Phillip learns from another inmate that Steven is dying of AIDS.
Heartbroken, Phillip calls Steven while he is in the infirmary and confesses that, while he is still upset with Steven for lying to him, he still loves him.
Phillip is later told that Steven has died.
Sometime later, Phillip is taken to meet with his lawyer and finds Steven waiting for him.
Steven describes how he faked dying of AIDS, to be allowed to see Phillip again, and promises never to lie to him again.
He runs one last con to break Phillip out of prison, only to be caught when he runs into an old co-worker.
The end of the movie explains that the real-life Phillip Morris was released from prison in 2006; but Steven was given a life sentence and is in 23-hour lockup, only having one free hour a day to shower and exercise, which the film implies to be because an official involved in the sentencing had a nephew who was conned by Morris.
The last scene shows Steven laughing joyfully while running across the prison yard, guards in pursuit, in another attempt to be with Phillip.
College-bound Gidget (Cindy Carol) is vacationing in Rome for the summer with faithful boyfriend Jeff, aka Moondoggie (James Darren) and their friends.
Chaperoning the pair is Aunt Albertina (Jessie Royce Landis).
However, Gidget's father Russell, worried about his daughter being abroad, asks an old friend of his, named Paolo Cellini, to keep an eye on Gidget to see that she stays out of trouble.
Complications set in when Gidget begins to fall for the much older Paolo.
Thea Clayhill is about to lose her position as secretary to a very cranky publisher.
So she lies about being pregnant to save her job, as she saw on an episode of Law & Order that it is discriminatory to fire a pregnant woman.
The plan works, and she gets to keep her job.
With help from her friend Lisa—and a "baby bump" stolen from a mannequin—Thea fakes her pregnancy while figuring out her next move.
In the meantime, her boss gets called out of town and his cute brother Nick takes over.
In an attempt to get an author Suzie Cavandish to publish a book with the company, he takes Thea to a meeting with the author.
Thea convinces the author that they are the right "home" for her book.
Nick then launches a new parenting division at the publishing company, and he wants Thea to be the editor.
This results in a raise and promotion for Thea, as well as the beginning of a romantic relationship between her and Nick after breaking off her fake engagement with Miles.
She begins to enjoy her life to the extent that her "pregnancy" becomes real to her.
In an attempt to get Thea to admit her lie to her family, her little sister Emma throws Thea a surprise baby shower.
When Thea still doesn't admit the lie, Emma destroys her pregnancy pillow in a fit of rage.
Quickly, Thea grabs a balloon and leaves.
Later that day, the author of the book is going to have a book reading, but her boss comes back a week early, and gets into an argument with Nick (which ends with Nick jumping on him, then Thea pulling them apart).
After insulting Thea, she tries to go at him.
Nick holds her back by the stomach, and her balloon pops, blowing her cover.
After a couple of nights, Nick still does not answer the hundreds of calls Thea left him.
She gets to go on the show talking about the book Suzie wrote.
After everyone leaves, Thea and Nick kiss until the lights go out.
Two years later, Thea, pregnant for real (with her and Nick's child), goes into labor.
Nick and Lisa are left pushing Thea to the hospital in a desk chair.
Film star Kay Winters (Carole Lombard) is traveling through Paris under a wig and the pseudonym of Kay Summers with her maid and companion Myrtle (Marie Wilson).
She meets Rene (Fernand Gravet), a French marquis who has lost all his money and has pawned all his material possessions to live, something Paris society does not know.
He sees her on the street and offers to give her a tour of the real Paris.
Kay, who already had plans to attend dinner with Lady Paula Malverton (Isabel Jeans), tries to brush him off, only to become charmed by the persistent and impetuous Rene.
Once finished with the tour, they have dinner, and unexpectedly run into Lady Malverton and her party.
Lady Malverton calls Rene over to her table.
When he returns, he discovers that Kay has left.
However, she left a note asking him to lunch with her the following day.
Kay returns to her hotel, to see Phillip Chester (Ralph Bellamy) waiting for her, the man who is in love with her.
The next day, Kay is waiting by the fountain and Rene discovers that he has overslept.
His friend, Dewey Gilson (Allen Jenkins), has taken too long getting Rene's suit from the pawn shop.
Rene waits, helplessly, as Kay prepares to leave.
However, he runs down and obtains two carpets from a salesman, wrapping them around himself as a form of wealthy robe.
He alerts Kay that he will be ready to have lunch in just a while, but two women, who believe that he is selling the carpets, demand to buy them.
In an argument about who can buy the carpets between the women and Kay, the carpets are pulled from Rene and he runs away in his underwear.
Later, Rene discovers that Kay is actually a movie star.
Before he can contact her, however, she leaves for London.
Rene follows her.
He comes to her house at a party in which Kay has ordered her guests to appear in animal masks.
Upon seeing Rene, she invites him to dinner, where Lady Malverton tells him to demonstrate his skills as a chef.
After tasting the food that Rene prepares, Kay, as a joke, offers him a job as her cook.
Rene, delighted, accepts without Kay knowing.
Meanwhile, Phillip begs Kay to marry him, but she again postpones her answer.
Lady Malverton finds Rene in the kitchen, where he tells her that he has taken the job of being Kay's chef.
Lady Malverton spreads the gossip.
The following morning, Kay is delivered breakfast by Rene and begs him to leave.
Rene tells her he has no such intention and answers the phone several times and tells everyone he is Kay's chef.
Lady Malverton arrives with a swarm of gossips and demands to know the truth.
Kay tells them that she has hired him as a chef.
Nonetheless, the tabloids are already running reports that Rene is Kay's "love chef".
Kay, undaunted, accepts Phillip's proposal of marriage and orders an engagement dinner.
Rene does his best to spoil the dinner and succeeds, with Phillip walking out of the house after a quarrel with Kay.
Rene finally gets Kay to admit she loves him, but she tells him that she will not marry him, as the difference in social status between them will earn her the derision of everyone she knows.
Rene tells her that he is a French marquis and leaves, angered by her silly fears.
Kay follows him into an opera house where they kiss before an unexpected audience.
Kay Colby (Carole Lombard) is a Park Avenue beauty with two suitors: fiancé Bill Wadsworth (Cesar Romero) and Scott Miller (Preston Foster).
To clear his way, Scott buys the oil company Bill works for and sends him to Japan.
Then he sends his own girl friend, Countess Campanella (Betty Lawford), to Honolulu to get her out of the way as well.
Kay is upset by Bill's leaving, and annoyed by Scott pressing his suit, but Scott has the assistance and approval of Kay's mother (Janet Beecher) in his efforts, and the advice of his friend and business partner, Brinkerhoff (Richard Carle).
Hot-headed Winifred "Freddie" Jones (Betty Grable) is a saloon singer in the Old West who catches her boyfriend, gambler Blackie Jobero (Cesar Romero), flirting with another woman and takes a shot at him with the six-shooter she always carries.
Unfortunately, she hits a Judge (Porter Hall) instead, so she and her friend Conchita (Olga San Juan) take it on the lam.
When they get to a tiny hole-in-the-wall town, Freddie and Conchita are mistaken for the new schoolmarm and her Indian maid.
They meet the local muckety-mucks, including wealthy Charles Hingelman (Rudy Vallee), owner of a valuable gold mine, who starts to romance Freddie.
When Blackie shows up while tracking Freddie down, complications ensue.
They fell in love; Chen Qiushui was 20.
Wang Biyun was 18.
When Qiushui fled Taiwan after the 228 Massacre, Biyun gave him a gold engagement ring and they promised to meet again.
Qiushui served as an army doctor during the Korean War, where he met Wang Jindi, a nurse from Shanghai who fell in love with him instantly.
Years had gone by, Qiushui married Jindi and settled in Tibet.
While in Taiwan, Biyun buried Qiushui's mother and continued to pray for his return.
Flashback to modern time, Biyun is living in New York.
Her niece played by Isabella Leong, a writer, has travelled to Tibet to find out what happened to Qiushui.
Through the pictures she sends back via internet, Biyun finally gets to see the familiar face once again.
On a rainy afternoon in Paris, debonair actor Philippe Martin (Francis Lederer) goes to a darkened movie theatre for a romantic assignation with his married mistress, Yvonne (Liev De Maigret), but sits in the wrong seat and kisses instead lovely Monique Pelerin (Ida Lupino), the daughter of a powerful publisher (Joseph Cawthorn).
Monique, who is engaged to powerful Count Alfredo Donstelli (Erik Rhodes), makes a public accusation against Philippe, and the priggish head of the Purity League (Eily Malyon) exploits the incident until it becomes a national scandal, with Philippe dubbed "The Kissing Monster".
When Philippe is tried, his defense is that he was overcome by Monique's beauty, and that it is a Frenchman's nature to be romantic, even to perfect strangers.
His punishment is to spend just three days in jail, but when he is released, he discovers that Monique has paid his fine, supposedly to avoid more publicity, but actually because she is secretly attracted to him.
Meanwhile, the tabloids have made Philippe into a national hero, and instead of his producer, Maillot (Roland Young), firing the actor, he gets a raise.
His new show will have him re-enact the kissing incident, but on the day of the opening Monique's father has him arrested, only be released when Yvonne, who turns out to be the wife of the Minister of Justice, convinces him to allow Philippe to do his performance, where Philippe learns that Monique has taken the place of the actress with whom he was to re-enact the kiss.
When gymnastics school teacher Caroline goes on holiday at her family's home in Cornwall, she meets her distant mermaid relative Miranda, who looks exactly like her.
She agrees to let Miranda trade places with her, while she goes on a bicycling trip with a friend.
Caroline feigns an accident, which leaves her confined to a wheelchair for a few weeks and gets nurse Carey to attend to Miranda.
This conceals the fact that Miranda has a fish tail instead of legs.
Caroline is engaged to Ronald Baker, but when he shows up, Miranda does not like him at all.
She decides to make Caroline a better match.
She flirts outrageously with two eligible bachelors, Jeff Saunders and Colonel Barclay Sutton, right in front of Ronald.
When she discovers that Ronald works in the government sanitation department (and approves of dumping garbage into the ocean), she dumps a tureen of cold soup on his head.
Meanwhile, Barbara Davenport, the colonel's fiancée, takes an understandable dislike to Miranda.
While out swimming, she discovers Miranda's secret and arranges for "Caroline" to sing at a charity concert, plotting to reveal her true nature.
Caroline reads about the forthcoming concert during her holiday, guesses what Barbara intends, and rushes back to take Miranda's place, foiling Barbara's scheme.
Afterward, Jeff takes Caroline boating.
When he tries to kiss her, she resists at first, then willingly gives in, while a somewhat sad Miranda watches.
Victor Ballard (Fred MacMurray) is a poor but happy-go-lucky New York sidewalk photographer who shares a studio apartment with a painter from Poland, Stefan Janowski (Akim Tamiroff).
When Victor shoots a photo of Alexandra Curtis (Mary Martin), he realizes she is desperate and in need of a friend who can guide her through the ways and means of surviving in Manhattan with no money.
Alexandra moves in as a third roommate and helps out with Victor's street photography Victoria attempts to help her by getting her hooked up with a rich Park Avenue swell, but Alexandra accidentally meets his handsome son, Paul Bryson Jr.
(Robert Preston) instead, and Victor, to his own surprise, becomes jealous.
Before Victor and Alexandra come together as a couple, there are (of course) further misunderstandings and fisticuffs and the like.
Louise Ginglebusher (Deanna Durbin) is a young woman from the small town of Cobbleskill who comes to New York City to make it in show business.
In a café, she's befriended by a kindhearted but ornery waiter, Wechsberg (William Bendix), and meets a bearded struggling attorney, George Prescott (Tom Drake).
She gets a job as an usherette from mr Buckingham (Walter Catlett), the owner of the prestigious Buckingham Music Hall, who's an old friend of her father.
While working at the Music Hall she meets Wechsberg again, and later when she is accosted by a masher, she gets rid of him by claiming that Wechsberg is her husband.
Wechsberg then invites her to come with him the next night when he works at an upscale social gathering at the Savoy Ritz.
Louise borrows a gown and comes to the party, where they get her past the headwaiter by claiming she's one of the entertainers.
Mingling, she meets the host, Conrad Nelson (Adolphe Menjou), a philandering meat magnate, who requests that Louise sing a song.
She does, so beautifully that Nelson offers to star her in a Broadway musical.
To discourage Nelson's obvious physical interest in her, Louise tell him that she's married, whereupon Nelson offers buy her out of her marriage by paying her husband for his loss.
Impetuously deciding to do a good deed, she gives Nelson the business card that George Prescott, the struggling lawyer, had given her, and tells him that George is her husband.
When Nelson visits George the next day in his shabby storefront law office, and offers to make him the legal representative for his company, George is suspicious and refuses the offer, but Nelson allays his concerns by telling the ethical young attorney that he needs an honest lawyer as a role model for his staff &ndash; the truth is he wants George on his staff so he can keep him occupied while he pursues Louise.
Many complications ensue after Louise gets George to shave off his old-man's beard, revealing the handsome young man underneath, and a stroll in the moonlight provokes George to propose marriage to Louise.
On a rainy New York City autumn afternoon, the head of a major Department Store, Gail Allen, meets her second cousin and best friend Lorna for afternoon tea.
Her cousin, an author of love stories set in the South Seas, invites a resident fortune teller to predict Gail's future.
At first the reading sounds like a hundred others, until she foresees her having a child and meeting a man whose arm was cut by a native's rice knife.
The fortune teller predicts as Neptune is in her sign at the moment she could find herself walking down a street and taking an unexpected turn where things would change.
Thinking that her career will come first, Gail does not like her predicted future but finds herself taking an unexpected turn that takes her into a shop that sells sailboats.
There she meets Bill Burnett who lives in Bali and is holidaying in New York.
Beginning with Bill's injury from a native's rice knife, all of the predictions eventually come to pass.
Popular American comedian Bob Hunter (Bob Hope), star of stage, movies and television, boards the luxury liner SS Île de France to travel to France, only to find his French counterpart, Fernydel (Fernandel) is on the ship as well.
Also on board are elegant blonde diplomat Ann McCall (Martha Hyer), whom Bob would like to get to know better, and stunning Zara Brown (Anita Ekberg), the agent for a French criminal organization which suspects that Bob is carrying an incriminating manuscript.
While Bob pursues Ann, with Fernydel's help, Zara repeatedly searches Bob's stateroom, causing problems when Ann sees her leaving after a search.
When he reaches Paris, Bob visits Serge Vitry (Preston Sturges), a writer whose script Bob has come to purchase, but is told that Vitry is no longer interested in comedy: he is writing a true-life drama which he is going to produce himself.
Bob pleads for a look, and is told where he can get a translated copy.
A series of suspicious accidents and mishaps then leads to Bob being arrested as a suspect in the murder of Serge, but he is rescued by the American ambassador (André Morell) and Inspector Dupont (Yves Brainville), who tell him that Serge used his manuscript to reveal the identities of counterfeiters who had infiltrated their way into high offices in the French government, which is why he was murdered.
The two men ask Bob to serve as bait to flush out the criminals.
Bob agrees, but only because Ann's life is also in danger.
Helped by Ann, Fernandel, and villainess-turned-heroine Zara, Bob is chased all over Paris by the underworld, at one point winding up in a mental asylum for safekeeping.
It all ends with an escape by helicopter piloted by Fernandel (actually John Crewdson) reading a book of flight instructions, capture of a group of assassins, then a parade for Bob, Fernandel and Ann, who are heroes.
The film is set in Venice Beach, California, and it centers on four young people in the midst of romantic entanglements.
The actress Susan (Susan Petry) is in love with the video producer Gil (Everado Gil), but he is in love with the model Toya (Toya Cho).
However, Toya is in love with the bodybuilder Ken (Ken Yasuda).
But Ken has his eyes on Susan.
When nerdy Adam Sorenson (Paul Rudd), an English Literature major at Mercy, a fictitious Midwestern college, meets Evelyn Ann Thompson (Rachel Weisz), an attractive graduate art student, at the local museum where he works, his life takes an unexpected turn.
Never having the best success with women, he is flattered when Evelyn shows an interest in him and, at Evelyn's suggestion, begins a regular exercise regimen, eats healthier foods, dresses more stylishly, acts more confident and dominant, and begins wearing contact lenses instead of his usual eyeglasses.
These initial changes regarding Adam's physical appearance are well received by Adam's friend, Phillip (Frederick Weller), and Phillip's fiancee, Jenny (Gretchen Mol).
Jenny takes such a liking to Adam's new physique that she makes a move on Adam and the two share a passionate kiss.
It is left ambiguous as to whether or not Adam and Jenny have sex.
Later, Evelyn cajoles Adam into undergoing plastic surgery to fix his misshapen nose and succeeds in persuading him to cut himself off from Phillip and Jenny, whose relationship she ruins.
Eventually, Adam learns that he has been part of Evelyn's MFA thesis project, a topic often mentioned in conversation but never fully explained.
Evelyn presents Adam to an audience of students and faculty as her creation, announcing that she had been instructed to "change the world" by her graduate adviser, but that she had chosen to "change someone's world" instead.
Her work consisted of "sculpting" Adam into a more attractive human being.
Accordingly, none of the feelings she has shown him throughout the film are genuine; at no stage in their "relationship" has she fallen in love with him; her videotapes of their lovemaking are simply part of the project's documentation.
She also announces that she is not going to marry him and the engagement ring he offers her is simply one of the exhibits of her art installation, the "capper to my time at Mercy".
Publicly humiliated and emotionally devastated, Adam confronts Evelyn in the gallery (no one showed up to the Q&A afterwards), demanding an explanation for her actions.
She responds by saying that he should in fact be grateful to her, claiming that, objectively speaking, she has been a positive influence on his life, making him a more attractive and interesting person in the eyes of society.
He calls it a heartless joke, not art, and asks for the ring back, as it was his grandmother's.
Evelyn agrees.
Finally, Adam stands alone in the gallery, crying, surrounded by the remnants of his life before and after Evelyn.
Paper Towns takes place in and around a fictional subdivision, located in suburban Orlando, Florida, called Jefferson Park.
The novel focuses on the narrator and protagonist Quentin "Q" Jacobsen and his neighbor Margo Roth Spiegelman.
As preadolescents, Quentin and Margo discover the corpse of Robert Joyner, a divorced man who committed suicide in the park.
Nine years after this incident, Quentin and Margo are senior pupils at Winter Park High School.
One night, a month before their high school graduation, Margo appears at Quentin's bedroom window.
She has devised an eleven-part plan of vengeance on a group of people she feels have hurt her during her time at high school; these people include Lacey, Jase, and Becca.
Margo needs an accomplice and a car to help her complete the tasks, and tries to get Quentin to help her accomplish it.
Quentin accepts, and after the plan is implemented, Margo and Quentin return to their homes around dawn.
The next day, Quentin thinks about how things have changed.
He wonders whether Margo will start hanging out with him and his friends Ben and Radar.
However, Margo goes missing for three days; her parents file a police report.
Quentin and his friends Ben and Radar then finds a series of clues that Margo has left him, such as a picture of Woody Guthrie on Margo's bedroom window shade, Margo's highlighted copy of Walt Whitman's poem "Song of Myself", and a written address in Quentin's bedroom doorjamb.
Quentin and his friends use these clues and find an abandoned mini-mall in Christmas, Florida, that contains evidence of her recent presence.
Quentin struggles to analyze all of Margo's clues and is unsure whether it confirms her suicide or validates his hypothesis that Margo was unsatisfied with her fake life.
Eventually, the clues lead Quentin to believe Margo may be hiding in or buried in one of the many abandoned subdivision projects or "pseudovisions" around Orlando.
He drives to all of the pseudovisions where he feels that she may be hiding, but cannot find her.
On the day of his graduation, while getting ready, Quentin discovers Margo has been hiding in a fictional town in New York called Agloe, which was created as a copyright trap by mapmakers.
Quentin, Radar, Ben, and Lacey skip graduation and drive to New York to search for her, with a plan to drive to Agloe before noon on May 29th.
In Agloe, they discover Margo is living in an old, dilapidated barn.
She is shocked to see them, which angers the group, who expected her to be grateful for their presence.
Margo had left those clue to assure Quentin that she is okay and she did not want to be found.
Angry at her lack of gratitude, Radar, Ben, and Lacey leave the barn and spend the night at a motel.
Quentin realizes the image he had of her was as fake as the one that she had been emitting to everyone else, and becomes furious at her for wasting his time.
Margo argues that Quentin saved her for egotistical reasons; he wanted to be a knight in shining armor who saved the troubled girl.
Ultimately, Quentin accepts it was unfair for him to expect Margo to live up to his perfect image of her.
After their deep conversation, Margo decides to go to New York City and asks Quentin to accompany her.
Quentin wants to stay with her, but understands his home life and responsibilities prevents him from doing so.
Margo promises to Quentin that she will keep contact with him.
Katie Higgins (Williams) is the wholesome daughter of a dairy farmer.
The entire family (Pa, Ma, Suzie, Katie, and Junior) start the day with a brisk song and morning swim.
One day, Katie meets travelling salesman Windy Weebe (Carson) who is instantly smitten.
Weebe sells an elixir that purports to turn the user into a peppy, fit-as-a-fiddle specimen, and upon noticing the entire family's strength in the water, suggests that they all attempt to swim the English Channel.
The family and Weebe head off to England whereupon they learn that the distance to be conquered is 20 miles "as the seagull flies" but with the currents, can be up to 42 miles.
Katie is the only one in the family strong enough to attempt this feat, so she begins training with Weebe as her coach.
On a foggy day, Katie, in the water, is separated from Weebe, in a rowboat, and is rescued by a handsome Frenchman, Andre Lanet (Lamas).
Lanet falls for the spunky American and begins trying to woo her.
Katie tries to stay focused on her swim, but is being pulled in different directions by the two men.
In a dream sequence, Katie does an underwater ballet with cartoon characters Tom and Jerry, as well as animated depictions of the different people in her life.
The film ends happily with Katie's attempt to cross the Channel and the resolution of her gentlemen issues.
Georgina Salt (Heather Graham) is a young English contractor living in London who longs to have a baby, which she sees as the one thing missing from her life.
In the opening scene, Zach, Georgina's long-time boyfriend, is talking on the phone with his sister, who has just had a baby girl.
Georgina is obviously more interested in the baby than Zach.
After Zach gets off the phone, the couple goes back into their bedroom where Georgina seduces Zach.
Zach, however, uses a condom, much to the dismay of Georgina.
The next day, Georgina goes shopping for a present for Zach's sister's baby with her mother.
Georgina is taken away by the baby items around her and is saddened by it.
When a doctor's ad for his clinic for women who want to get pregnant, but may not be able to conceive for much longer, Georgina's mother mentions her aunt.
Presuming that her aunt was a lesbian, Georgina was never surprised that her aunt had no children, however her mother informs her that she was simply unable to have children; she was too late.
A frantic Georgina spends £150 on a blanket, to the surprise of her mother, before leaving the store.
At Zach's sister's house, Georgina is taken by the baby and is allowed to hold her as Zach goofs off with his sister's belly sculpture.
After breaking the sculpture, Zach blames it on her three-year-old son and the couple soon leave.
In the car, Georgina gets upset with Zach over the statue and she is about to ask him a question before he cuts her off saying, "I do not hate babies".
Georgina jumps to the conclusion that he does hate babies and demands that he pull over and lets her out.
Zach goes to a friend's house to 'crash' while Georgina heads home.
Prior to this event, Georgia had gone to the clinic to see how many eggs she had left; her best friend Clem goes with her and receives the call that the two of them are to return.
The doctor informs Georgina that she only has one egg left and that she'd be ovulating for four days.
The two women go out on a 'date' with a young man named Justin, who is completely taken aback when Georgina announces that she has one egg left.
Clem and Justin help Georgina form a plan to sleep with a random stranger.
On day one, Georgina has an "open house" to rent out her apartment in order to lure men inside.
The first few are turned away due to their looks or their gender preference.
Finally, a man of great quality comes along, however just before he and Georgina kiss, Zach calls.
Georgina kicks the man out and talks to Zach, but then hears a woman's voice saying, "Zach, darling, will you zip me up.
" An angry Georgina hangs up the phone and Zach isn't too pleased with the woman - Alexandra.
Alexandra is the daughter of a rich man who is funding Zach's latest documentary; she is also the reason why Georgina was unable to speak to Zach before he left for a trip.
On day two, Georgina goes to a funeral to pick up a man overcome with "emotions" and isn't thinking too well.
She takes him back to her apartment, leaves to get wine and as she is in the kitchen he discovers her "PLAN" sheet that has all the details about her seducing him on it.
He is disgusted and leaves, as Georgina tries to explain herself.
Day three, Georgina finds herself with Clem at a night club.
They see a very good looking young man, dancing very seductively and attracting all the girls' attention, and Georgina goes to seduce him.
Before successfully seducing the man, she rips her dress in several places to make herself more sultry.
At the hotel, Georgina is about to go all the way with him, before she excuses herself to go to the bathroom.
While she is taking out her breast pads and washing her mouth out, he steals some of her money and a card before leaving.
Georgina comes out to find the lights off and him gone.
After cursing her stupidity – and noticing her money and card gone – she goes home.
During this time, Zach is seen trying to hurry back to London and has to take the ferry because Alexandra had taken the last ticket going to London.
Georgina and Clem purchase sperm from the Internet and go out to buy a turkey baster.
At this time, Georgia reveals to Clem that she only wants Zach, before she says that she can't believe that the future father of her child is a turkey baster.
Georgina, seeming desperate at this point, turns to one of her employees who reveals that he is infertile just before the two of them can have sex.
She then plans to go through with the artificial insemination, reading the directions as the sperm arrives.
Her mother arrives with a birthday cake and Georgina accidentally squirts the sperm on the cake.
Clem intends Justin, her so-called pet, to impregnate Georgina.
A nervous Justin doesn't seem to want to go through with it.
They go to a hotel room and Justin can't seem to get off, nor is he comfortable with this idea.
Justin can't do it and backs out.
She begins to spank him, before she is thrown out of the hotel by the staff.
She runs into a friend of Zach's and is comforted by him.
While hugging him, Zach walks in and assumes that they are having an affair and slaps his friend before leaving.
Georgina runs after him, but loses him.
She misses her chance to get pregnant and mopes around because she lost both her chance to have a baby and Zach.
Ben, Zach's friend, comes over to check on Georgina and the two begin to talk about how awkward the situation was just as the doorbell rings.
Clem gets it and turns out that it's Zach, who is outraged to find Ben and Georgina holding hands.
He slaps Ben again, who, in turn, punches Zach.
The two have a scuffle, during which Ben tells Zach that while Georgia is OK, she isn't Clem.
Clem, hearing this, asks him to repeat that and after establishing that he likes Clem and not Georgina, he gets off Zach and goes to Clem.
Georgina asks about Alexandra, who Zach admits is beautiful, but says that isn't all he looks for in a person.
She isn't impressed by his reasoning, however Zach continues on trying to explain that he loves her and had never stopped.
Zach reveals that he wants children too, however an upset Georgina leaves and Ben has to explain to Zach what had been going on.
At work, Georgina's worker reveals that he understands why she left and leaves before Zach comes in with a dozen roses.
Four months later, while Georgina is running her breasts and belly feel sore and goes to a clinic for a pregnancy test.
She receives a call informing her that she is, in fact, pregnant.
At a birthday party for Zach, it is revealed that they are engaged and Georgina tells him that she’s pregnant.
Zach is overjoyed about the news.
Big Ain't Bad is a romantic comedy that redefines the measure of love.
Ric (Blakemore) and Natalie (Dixon) are a happy young couple headed towards marriage after a brief courtship.
However, when Natalie makes an early return home from a business trip and finds her trusted mate in the company of last night's entertainment, the relationship abruptly ends leaving them to travel separate roads to self-discovery.
A chorus girl, Gloria Winters, is overjoyed that wealthy young Randy Bradford is so eager to marry her, he's asked her to elope.
Before they can leave, Randy is contacted by Mark Willows, who runs a Wall Street financial organization that Randy's father founded.
Willows stipulates that Randy will be disinherited should he elope with this girl.
Gloria is naturally upset.
When she goes to see Willows, she expects an older man and is thrown off-balance by his youth and charm.
Without revealing her true identity, Gloria lands a job at Willows' firm as a switchboard operator.
A slip of the tongue on her part, however, costs Willows a great deal of money and she is fired.
Willows calms down and tries to make it up to her, visiting the apartment Gloria shares with Sally Long, another chorus girl.
Willows accidentally discovers who Gloria really is, but an attraction forms.
In the end, it is he and Gloria who elope.
The film chronicles the life of a woman named Pippa Lee (Robin Wright), with flashbacks to her tumultuous past.
Pippa Sarkissian (Blake Lively) was the youngest child and only girl in her large Christian family.
Her mother Suky (Maria Bello) was a neurotic mother with an obsessive fixation on her daughter's looks.
By her teen years, Pippa discovers that her mother takes amphetamines in order to self-medicate her vast mood swings.
She has a confrontation with her mother by taking drugs that results in Pippa leaving home and moving in with her aunt and roommate, who are in a lesbian relationship.
After a time, the aunt discovers Pippa participating in erotic photo sessions with the roommate and her friends and Pippa is banished from that apartment and goes on to live a bohemian life of drugs and working as an exotic dancer.
On a weekend jaunt with like-minded friends, she meets a charismatic publisher named Herb Lee who is 30 years older than she is and a romance develops between the young woman and the older man.
The couple marry, have two children and later move into a retirement home in Connecticut.
Through her marriage, Pippa has become the "perfect wife": loving, supportive, everything to everyone and no one to herself.
The couple grow apart; Herb has an affair with one of Pippa's friends and middle-aged Pippa has encounters with a younger man named Chris.
After Herb dies from a heart attack, Pippa finally breaks with her life of subservience and refuses to set up the burial, leaving the details to her children.
The film ends with Pippa driving off with Chris.
Larry Stevens is about to be evicted by landlady Lillie for not paying his rent.
He happens to be passing by, as does Julia Wayne, when two halves of a ripped $1,000 bill float down to the street.
Up above, gangster Bonelli has been handing out thousands to his girls.
One who's angry with him has torn it and tossed it out the window.
Skeeter, a jockey, joins up with Julia and Larry as they discuss what to do with the money.
Julia has a $500 debt she needs to repay.
Larry wants to use it to enter his horse Hector's Pal in a big race.
The money was stolen from a bank where Larry takes the torn $1,000 bill.
A suspicious detective, Flynn, begins to follow Larry, who also attracts the attention of unemployed actor Anthony and bank cashier Bennett, who want a piece of the action.
Larry is in love with Julia and wants to help fulfill her dream of performing in a show.
A theatrical producer pretends to hire her on talent, but secretly has schemed with Larry to finance the show if his horse wins the race.
Julia races to the race track to see how it all turns out.
A penniless acting group stranded in Paris is saved by a millionaire.
When Byron (George) hits the big time, no one is happier than his girlfriend Tiffany (Lewis) - that is, until she catches him flirting with his sly new project manager Carla (Kellita Smith).
While contemplating whether to break it off with Byron, Tiffany's best friend tells her about a specialist for women whose men can not control their primitive urges.
Enter ms Shanté Smith (Fox).
Using her knowledge of the male psyche and her new Five Step program, Shanté gives Tiffany the necessary tools she needs to "train" Byron and teach him a lesson for his behavior.
However, Byron also has expert advice in his corner, courtesy of his best friend Gizzard (Tony Rock).
Once again, the battle for the title of the superior sex is on.
Shelley Darlington (Anna Faris) is an aspiring Playboy Playmate living the life of luxury in the Playboy Mansion.
The day after her twenty-seventh birthday, she awakes to find a note, seemingly from Hugh Hefner, asking her to pack up and leave.
She happens to stumble upon a group of girls who remind her of herself: beautiful and fun.
She follows them and sees that they live in luxury too.
They turn out to be the Phi Iota Mu sorority, and snobbishly reject her when she tries to join them.
She makes her way down to the Zeta Alpha Zeta house, which appears to be far less luxurious than the first sorority she visited.
The members of the Zeta house are dowdy, socially awkward, and caught off guard by Shelley's bubbly nature, prompting them to initially reject her.
Once they see Shelley's ability to attract boys, the Zetas change their mind and take in Shelley as their new "house mother", hoping that she can save them: their sorority is in danger of being shut down unless they can get thirty new pledges to join.
During her time spent with the Zetas, Shelley meets and becomes attracted to an intellectual, altruistic guy named Oliver (Colin Hanks), who works at a retirement home.
Shelley goes out on a date with Oliver, and while her flirty tactics work with most guys, they fail with him, for he is a guy who actually wants to get to know Shelley rather than just sleep with her.
To impress Oliver on their upcoming second date, Shelley starts attending classes and reading books, and tones down her appearance.
The second date is also a disaster because she wears glasses that aren't meant for her, and brings along note cards to help her sound smart.
Having gotten a makeover and lessons on how to attract guys and be popular, the Zetas throw a party, which is a huge success.
Later, the Zetas are reviewing the girls who are hoping to pledge to Zeta, but their new popularity has made them conceited.
When they realize what they've become, they blame Shelley—just as she returns from her unsuccessful date.
Although Shelley had just been invited back to the Playboy mansion (after Hefner had learned of the forged dismissal) and decided to stay with the Zetas, the unexpected attack from them makes her reconsider, and she calls back to accept the invitation.
The Zetas then feel guilty, and decide to give themselves a second makeover, this time being "Half-Shelley and Half-Themselves".
They also decide to draw the pledges out at random, instead of judging them.
They show up at Shelley's photo shoot and ask for her to come back, to which she agrees, having changed her mind about her dream of being a centerfold.
The rival Phi Iota Mu sorority intercepts the invitations and prevents them from being mailed out, so the Zetas are again in danger of being shut down at the campus meeting of the Panhellenic Council.
Shelley crashes the meeting and gives a heartfelt speech about what her experience with the Zetas has taught her about love and acceptance, and asks for pledges on the spot; gradually thirty students agree to pledge, and the sorority is saved.
Oliver and Shelley reconcile, and Shelley explains that she likes Oliver a lot and was trying too hard to impress him.
They decide to start over with their relationship and Oliver is looking forward to getting to know the "real" Shelley.
The film ends with Zetas and their new pledges celebrating.
Shelley has remained in close contact with mr Hefner and her friends at the Playboy mansion.
Victor (Henshall) is an actor in London who is desperate to stop his ex-girlfriend, Sylvia (Headey), to whom he was unfaithful, from marrying another man.
After meeting two mysterious dustmen, he is given the chance to travel back in time and relive his romance.
However, he finds that things develop differently this time around&mdash;Sylvia has an affair with Dave (Strong), and she leaves him.
Through her "Contacts and Contracts" company, Mae Swasey is busy scheming to bring couples together.
It is not very rewarding financially, and Mae is in debt.
Even one of her seeming successes, Ina Kuschner's impending wedding to Radiographer Matt Hornbeck, does not go as hoped.
Ina's mother refuses to pay Mae the agreed-upon $500 commission.
Mae, however, gets the last laugh; Matt gets cold feet at the last moment and leaves the bride waiting at the altar.
When Mae goes to see another client, her purse is accidentally taken by model Kitty Bennett, while she gets Kitty's lookalike one.
Looking inside for something to identify its owner, Mae reads a letter in which Kitty's current boyfriend apologizes for not mentioning that he is married (but wants to keep on seeing her).
When the two women get together to exchange purses, Kitty becomes annoyed when she discovers Mae has read her letter and rejects Mae's advice to give the self-admitted "heel" up.
Kitty comes to apologize for her unkind words later.
Mae talks her into breaking up with the married man, then tries to fix her up with Matt by pretending that Kitty may have swallowed a missing earring (which may have fallen into an omelet Mae was preparing) and requires an X-ray.
Mae's own sister Emmy shows up.
Twenty years before, she had stolen Mae's husband.
Now that she is recently widowed and lonely, she wants Mae to find her a replacement.
Mae turns her down.
Matt and Kitty become a couple, but when Kitty learns about Mae's meddling and her plans to maneuver a commitment-averse Matt into proposing, she ends their friendship.
Mae goes away to a resort to think things over.
When Kitty goes to make up with Mae at her office, she runs into mr Johannson, one of Mae's clients, who needs help desperately to patch up his relationship.
Kitty reluctantly takes the absent Mae's place.
Then Mae's friend Doberman explains how badly she hurt Mae, that Mae thought of her as the daughter she never had, and that Mae helps those who are shy, need a helpful push, or are not as pretty as Kitty.
Afterward, Kitty tries to arrange a relationship for Mae with Dan Chancellor, a wealthy Canadian bachelor who had heard of Mae's service.
Mae and Kitty become friends again, but Mae comes to realize she herself will never be lonely as long as she has people to help.
She decides that Dan would actually be a better match for Emmy.
In addition, Matt realizes he wants to marry Kitty after all, and gets her to agree to it.
Finally, Doberman surprises Mae by presenting himself as her suitor.
New York magazine editor Margot Sherwood "Merrick" (Myrna Loy) invents a husband (who is conveniently away in remote corners of the world) mainly to safeguard her job; the magazine publisher's jealous wife has had the last two women in her position fired after mere months.
It also comes in handy keeping aggressive men at bay, as Margot is determined to succeed in her career.
Magazine photographer August Winkel (Felix Bressart) helps by writing letters supposedly from "Tony Merrick".
One day, she goes to meet a friend arriving on a passenger ship.
However, when she enters her friend's cabin, she finds some paintings, but no friend.
Soon after, art dealer mr Flandrin (Donald Meek) shows up to examine the works.
Irritated by Flandrin's brusk attitude and certain that she can get a better deal for her friend, Margot orders him to leave.
However, Margot's friend had gotten off at a prior stop, and the paintings actually belong to Jeff Thompson (Melvyn Douglas).
Jeff runs into Flandrin on deck, only to learn that the insulted dealer is no longer interested in selling his artwork.
When Jeff confronts Margot, she promises to straighten things out.
Masquerading as an enthusiastic rival dealer, she manipulates Flandrin into offering Jeff a much better deal than he had ever expected.
Mollified, Jeff offers to take her out to dinner to celebrate.
She declines, but when her lawyer boyfriend Philip Booth (Lee Bowman) has to cancel their date, she changes her mind.
At the nightclub, a drunken acquaintance spots Margot and mentions her husband, forcing Margot to improvise and tell Jeff that it was merely a passing infatuation in Rio de Janeiro.
He believes her at first, but then some inconsistencies in her story cause him to check up on her; he concludes that there is no Tony Merrick.
To teach her a lesson, he shows up at her family mansion and announces to her father (Raymond Walburn), younger sister (Bonita Granville), and butler (Halliwell Hobbes) that he is Tony.
He is welcomed with open arms.
Margot has no choice but to go along with the deception.
The next morning, she confesses all to Philip in order to get some legal advice.
Philip tells her she cannot "divorce" a man to whom she is not even married.
He suggests she first marry him discreetly, then divorce him publicly.
Philip convinces a reluctant Jeff to go along.
The couple head off to Niagara Falls to get married.
At the falls, Jeff runs into some friends from his Ohio hometown, Wapakoneta.
Margot takes the opportunity to exact some revenge, pretending to be a very uncouth wife, complete with an exaggerated New York accent.
Margot, Jeff, and Philip then board a train to drop Jeff off in Ohio.
Margot and Philip plan to go on to Reno to secure the divorce, then get married themselves.
However, Jeff starts having second thoughts.
To buy time, he hires African American train porter Sam (who has been studying law by correspondence) to draw out the property settlement negotiations.
It works.
When Jeff gets off the train, Margot goes with him.
Renowned surgeon Sir Lancelot Spratt (James Robertson Justice) arranges a cruise for his patient, the famous television star Basil Beauchamp (Simon Dee).
The captain of the ship is Lancelot Spratt's brother (Robert Morley).
Doctor Burke (Leslie Phillips) becomes a stowaway by mistake when chasing his girlfriend (Angela Scoular) onto the ship to propose to her.
She is one of a group of models doing a fashion shoot with camp photographer (Graham Chapman).
Other passengers aboard ship include pools winner Llewellyn Wendover (Harry Secombe) and mrs Dailey (Irene Handl), a socially ambitious lady hoping to find a wealthy match for her daughter Dawn (Janet Mahoney).
Burke is pursued by the Master-at-Arms (Freddie Jones) who correctly suspects that he does not have a ticket.
Burke tries various ruses to try to escape him, including dressing up as a doctor.
Eventually he is caught and exposed as a stowaway.
Captain Spratt orders him to serve as an orderly, scrubbing the ship.
When the ship's doctor falls ill from a tropical disease, Burke takes over his duties.
He is called into action when a Soviet cargo ship sends a request for help due to a patient with acute appendicitis.
Burke is transferred to that ship to perform an operation.
By the time he has finished his own ship has departed, and he is forced to stay on board the Soviet vessel until it reaches Grimsby.
When the cruise ship finally returns to port, Burke learns his girlfriend has married the ship's doctor, now recovered from his illness.
Meanwhile Dawn Dailey, having failed to snare Captain Spratt, decides to marry Wendover.
She learns after the wedding that he is not as wealthy as she had imagined.
Boris Yelnikoff (Larry David) is a cynical chess teacher and former Columbia professor in quantum mechanics.
Divorced, he avoids human contact except for his friends (Michael McKean, Adam Brooks, Lyle Kanouse) and students, patronising everyone he meets for not matching him intellectually.
He spends much of the film washing his hands, all the while singing the "Happy Birthday" song—an attempt to gauge the proper length of time for the process.
Boris comes home one night to find Melody (Evan Rachel Wood), a simpleminded 21-year-old, lying on his doorstep.
He reluctantly lets her in for a meal and soon she tells him her story.
She turns out to be of a distinctly southern background, having been born to fundamentalist parents in Mississippi and ran away from them.
She asks if she can stay the night, which Boris eventually allows, and she stays with him while she's looking for a job.
Melody develops a crush on Boris despite their age difference and their varying cultures and intelligence.
Melody finds a job as a dog walker while still living with Boris.
Out on the job, she meets Perry Singleton (John Gallagher, Jr) and they arrange a date.
When she comes back home, she explains to Boris that she didn't like Perry because he loved everything in the world too much.
Boris realizes that he loves her and they get married.
After a year passes, her mother Marietta (Patricia Clarkson) finds Melody, explaining that she and her husband John (Ed Begley, Jr) thought Melody had been kidnapped.
She goes on to tell her that John left her and sold their house after John lost money in the stock market.
She meets Boris and is disappointed with him, so she tries to convince Melody to end her marriage.
The three go for lunch at a restaurant and meet Boris' friend, Leo (Conleth Hill).
As Marietta goes to use the restroom, Randy Lee James (Henry Cavill) inquires about Melody.
Marietta slyly decides to recruit him to end Melody's marriage.
Later that evening, Leo, who had taken an interest in Marietta, asks her over for dinner.
They spend the evening together, and they both discover that she is a talented photographer and he even makes plans to contract her professionally.
Boris explains to the audience that the next few weeks, Marietta changed and started experimenting in artistic photography, exotic new habits, and having an open relationship with Leo and his business partner, Morgenstern (Olek Krupa).
Marietta still hates Boris and continues to arrange for Melody to marry Randy.
She takes her to an outdoor craft market and "accidentally" runs into Randy, who questions her about her marriage.
Melody initially sees past Marietta's attempt and tells him that her marriage is fine.
She warns her mother to stop her attempt at once, but Marietta keeps trying.
Later shopping for clothes, Melodie meets Randy in another planned encounter with her and gets her to admit that her relationship with Boris is not entirely satisfying.
He invites her to the boat he lives on, and the two end up kissing and beginning an affair.
John arrives at Boris and Melody's home full of regret and hopes to get the family back together.
They all go to Marietta's photography exhibit opening together, and he sees how his ex-wife has changed since she moved to New York.
Distraught, he retreats to a bar, drinking away his misery.
While there, he meets a recently divorced gay man named Howard (Christopher Evan Welch), and admits something that he has known most his adult life: that he is also gay.
Melody tells Boris she is in love with Randy.
Boris is devastated by this and jumps out a window again, but this time lands on Helena (Jessica Hecht) breaking her arm and leg.
As he visits her in the hospital, he asks her if there is anything he can do to make up with her, and Helena says she would like to go to dinner with Boris.
Finally, Boris hosts a New Year's Eve party, at which everyone is seen in their new relationships: Marietta with Leo and Morgenstern, John with Howard, Melody with Randy, and finally Boris with Helena.
Melody and her parents had, each one separately, completely shed their former southern conservative mindsets and wholeheartedly adopted the liberal New York City way of life and values.
(John tells that his former membership in the National Rifle Association had been but a sublimation of his repressed homosexuality) They are now all the best of friends, and at midnight heralding a new year they kiss.
Afterwards Boris is revealed to be the only one who is able to communicate with the audience, and explains directly to them that one has to find all the enjoyment he can, to find "whatever works".
The Bellas are a close-knit family of Italian-Americans living in Boston, Massachusetts.
Joe, the head of the family, owns a construction company.
He's been married to Marilyn for 34 years and they have 3 children—Tony, Renata and Jan.
Jan is about to get married, leading Renata to wonder why boyfriend Rob has not yet proposed to her.
Once Rob reveals that he never plans on marrying her, she leaves him and moves back in with her parents.
Renata travels to the Caribbean, where she takes a course on selling condominiums.
She meets Sam Sharpe, a highly successful salesman who makes a speech at a training seminar.
They become instantly attracted and Sam accompanies her back to Boston, where Renata introduces him to her family.
A chain-smoking, abrasive Sam is overly eager to please.
While the majority of the Bellas give Sam a chance, Jan seems to have a particular dislike of him.
This upsets Renata and the siblings' rapport becomes strained.
Jan eventually apologizes and gives Renata her blessing.
Sam and Renata get married, with Sam relocating his business from New York to Boston so he can spend as much time with Renata as possible.
At a memorial for Joe's late mother, Sam attempts to sing a song in her honor, but the Bellas, especially Marilyn, tell him it is highly inappropriate.
Renata tells Sam he's tearing her family apart.
They reconcile, and the next day Renata gives birth to their child.
At the baptism, Sam suffers a heart attack and is rushed to the hospital.
Now in a wheelchair, Sam is welcomed home to the Bella residence to celebrate Christmas as a family.
During dinner, he lights up a cigarette, which an irritated Renata throws into a glass of wine.
On a frozen lake, Renata goes skating while Sam and their daughter watch from a distance.
Sam passes away while still holding his child.
After the funeral, Renata mourns but is grateful for the time they spent together and for Sam changing her life for the better.
Renata's father directs the funeral procession through several rotations on a traffic round-about, something Sam greatly enjoyed during his life.
In Vienna, Baroness Teri von Horhenfels (Kay Francis) relieves the boredom of her marriage to her rich but dull husband (Henry Kolker) with love affairs.
One day, at an exclusive jewel shop to purchase a diamond ring, her tedium is lifted by a suave, charming thief (William Powell) and his gang.
In turn, he is entranced by her beauty.
He locks her husband and her latest lover, Paul (Hardie Albright) (of whom she has already tired), in the vault, and forces shop owner Hollander (Lee Kohlmar) to smoke a drugged cigarette that soon makes him forget his troubles.
She however persuades him into leaving her free.
However, he is not so carried away as to neglect his duties; he takes her ring, all of it.
Teri returns home, to be envied her adventure by her friend Marianne (Helen Vinson).
They are frightened to discover that an intruder has broken in and opened her safe.
However, they become puzzled and relieved when they find that not only is nothing missing, but the ring has been returned.
Marianne departs hastily, anxious to avoid becoming entangled in a scandal.
The thief then appears; Teri tries to return the ring, since keeping it would raise uncomfortable questions.
When he refuses to take it back, she accuses him of using her to hide out from the police.
Then, Detective Fritz (Alan Mowbray) arrives, flushes out the robber, and takes the two into custody.
However, all is not as it seems.
It turns out that Fritz is a member of the gang.
The thief had used the fake arrest to transport Teri to his house without protest for a night of romance.
She is intrigued.
Vienna has become too dangerous for him, so he asks her to meet him in Nice, but she hesitates.
Just then, the real police surround the place.
He and his gang escape, leaving Teri tied up so as to divert suspicion.
After she is "rescued", she decides she needs a vacation away from Vienna to recover from the excitement.
in Nice.
14-year-old Danny O'Neil (Gabey Olds) is madly in love with his teacher, Miss Peggy Noble (Daphne Ashbrook).
Given the fact that she is engaged to the cold-tempered and vicious gym teacher, Roy Kelton (Rick Rossovich), who is nicknamed Jackjaw for his constant threat of breaking his pupils' jaws, Danny goes through his school days somewhat uninspired and suffers in silence.
One day, he oversees his geeky friend Lloyd Duffy (Adam Carl), who happens to live next door with his uncle Herb (Harry Morgan) and aunt May (Irene Tedrow), growing fruits with an experimental growth accelerator.
Danny becomes enthusiastic of turning himself into a grown man with the same machine, in order to break up Miss Noble's engagement, as well as convincing her to give him a chance.
Lloyd is reluctant to help him out, aware of everything that could go wrong, so Danny secretly uses the machine at night.
He saw that the timing was perfect, considering that his parents will leave the house for a week.
Unaware of the consequences, he turns into a 30-year-old man (Steve Eckholdt).
The next day, Lloyd immediately starts working on a machine with the opposite effect so Danny will be able to return to his 14-year-old body soon.
During this process, Danny visits the high school to pursue Miss Noble.
When he arrives, he is mistaken as the school's newest principal, Harold Forndexter.
He not only impresses his assistant Louisa Horton (Loretta Swit) with the introduction of his new rules - which include having as much fun as possible - but also Peggy, who admires his youthful approach of life.
Much to the dismay of Kelton, she agrees to go on a date with 'Harold'.
Even though Kelton follows their every step, Peggy has a splendid evening with the new principal, and they almost kiss at the end of the night.
During a school dance, 'Harold' convinces Peggy that Kelton is not right for her, and she breaks off the engagement.
Immediately after, 'Harold' and Peggy become a couple.
Kelton, refusing to accept this, tries to find out more on Forndexter, and finds out that 'Harold' is an impostor, as the real Forndexter (Alan Thicke) looks quite differently.
He immediately warns the police, who arrive quickly to arrest him.
While 'Harold' tries to escape, Lloyd informs him that his machine is complete.
After getting rid of the cops, 'Harold' tells Peggy that he has to leave town for good and then becomes 14 again.
Peggy witnesses this transformation, and realizes that 'Harold' was actually Danny, one of her favorite students.
Because she has fallen in love with him, she uses the same machine to turn herself into a 14-year-old (Amy Hathaway), which enables her to be with Danny.
Meanwhile, Lloyd turns himself into an apparently middle-aged professor, mr Lloyd (Sal Viscuso), and starts working at the same high school as a teacher.
Bill and Petronilla are a young couple on a yachting holiday.
They agree to give a lift to friendly Tony and his cargo, who unbeknownst to them is a brandy smuggler.
Before they know it, the couple are fleeing cross-country, being chased by customs men.
Set in San Francisco during the early 1900s, the film revolves around Amarilly (Mary Pickford), the daughter of a widowed scrubwoman.
Amarilly is proud of her hard-working Irish family, and takes care of her five roughhouse brothers.
She is engaged to bartender Terry McGowan (William Scott), who gets her a job as a cigarette girl in his cafe after a fire unfairly causes her to lose her job as a theater scrubwoman.
While working as a cigarette girl, she meets Gordon Phillips (Norman Kerry), a handsome and wealthy but frivolous young man, who is a society sculptor.
Terry becomes jealous when Amarilly starts hanging out with Gordon, and he breaks off the engagement.
Gordon offers Amarilly a job with his wealthy and snobbish aunt, mrs Phillips (Ida Waterman).
When the neighborhood is quarantined after a breakout of scarlet fever, mrs Phillips decides to take the time to teach Amarilly high class manners in a Pygmalion-like experiment.
However, once she discovers her nephew has fallen in love with Amarilly, she turns against her.
mrs Phillips tries to humiliate Amarilly by inviting her family over for a social party.
Amarilly is outraged and returns to her old home.
She sees Terry and invites him for supper.
He is delighted, and on the way to her house, he stops to buy expensive 50 cent violets, even though he had earlier passed up violets at 15 cents.
He is shot by accident, and barely makes it to Amarilly's house before collapsing.
Fortunately, Terry survives.
Amarilly visits him in the hospital and tells him that when he gets out, they have a date at City Hall.
The final scene is five years later.
Amarilly is in a side car on Terry's motor bike; they both are nicely dressed and seem to be doing well.
Then it is revealed under the blanket she has a baby, and behind Terry is a little boy.
Wealthy businessman and single parent Sir Michael Carr (Michael Redgrave) does not know how to deal with his daughter Tansy (Juliet Mills), at that awkward age between teenager and adult.
His close friend and employee ex-General Henry Barclay (Roger Livesey) has the same kind of problem with his son.
Thomas Barclay (Michael Craig) left the military and has now tendered his resignation from Carr's automobile company.
Tansy chances to meet American Cornelius Allingham (Rad Fulton) at her father's office.
The two teens soon become inseparable friends; she shows him around London, with her father blithely unaware of the relationship.
When Carr has to go on a business trip to New York, he sends Tansy along with General Barclay on his fishing vacation in Scotland.
She secretly arranges for Cornelius to meet her there.
The two see the sights on his motor scooter and eventually go camping together (he sleeps outside the tent), without informing anyone.
When Carr realises his daughter is missing, he finds some photographs of Cornelius, assumes the worst, and gets the police to initiate a nationwide manhunt.
Thomas, who had earlier resented having to get Tansy out of her various scrapes, uses his army training and tracks the pair down.
He sneaks up, knocks Cornelius out, and takes a resisting Tansy back to London.
When Cornelius wakes up, he discovers he is wanted by the police.
He turns himself in to Carr, then reveals that he is the millionaire son of Carr's business associate and that he holds a sizable number of shares in Carr's own company.
Relieved that his daughter hadn't been seduced by a fortune  hunter, Carr gives his blessing to their marriage.
However, Thomas discovers that he is in love with Tansy; when he kisses her, she realizes she feels the same about him and they elope.
General Barclay is furious at first, having gone to great lengths to arrange the wedding, until Carr reminds him that this was what they had hoped for.
Still reeling from the death of her father, a young girl spends one last summer at the Jersey Shore before heading off to college.
But when her plans fall apart, the girl stumbles into a mysterious world of Russian sailors, high-stakes gambling, and unexpected love.
In the year 1980, a young boy named Darrin Hill (Cuba Gooding Jr) and his mother, MaryAnn (Faith Evans), are run out of their hometown of Monte Carlo, Georgia, after MaryAnn is soon discovered to be singing secular music when she sings in a church choir also.
Aunt Sally Walker (Ann Nesby), Darrin's great-aunt, attempts to defend MaryAnn but fails, and the church's pastor, Reverend Paul Lewis (Wendell Pierce), is too afraid of the other church members to let her stay.
MaryAnn and Darrin are last seen on a bus saying goodbye to Aunt Sally, as they sadly wave to each other.
In 2003, Darrin has grown up to become a successful advertising executive in New York City with a bad habit of lying.
His only true friend and secretary, Rosa Lopez (Lourdes Benedicto), does a good job at keeping his credit problems under control.
However, Darrin has achieved so much under false pretenses, having faked his college degree and high school diploma and lied about being the son of a congressman.
Eventually, his lies soon catch up with him and get him in trouble with his paranoid boss (Dakin Matthews) and Darrin loses his job.
After being tracked down by a private investigator, Darrin soon finds out that Aunt Sally has died.
Darrin returns to his hometown of Monte Carlo, Georgia, and on the way, looks back on both comical and heartwarming memories of MaryAnn (who is later revealed to have died in a car accident when Darrin was a teenager) and the experiences they had together.
When Darrin arrives, he finds a new friendship in Lucious (Mike Epps), the town's happy-go-lucky, womanizing cab driver.
At Aunt Sally's funeral, Shirley Caesar makes a cameo appearance as a character who was an old friend of Sally and sings at the funeral.
After the funeral, Darrin soon learns from the Reverend that Aunt Sally had stated in her will that he must direct the church choir and enter the annual "Gospel Explosion" competition and win the prize money of $10,000 and in doing so, will inherit Aunt Sally's stock in the company that produces the show which is currently worth $150,000.
Upon taking charge of the once-powerful choir, Darrin discovers that it has fallen into decline over the years, with only a handful of members remaining.
He also faces opposition from Reverend Lewis's sister, Paulina Prickett (LaTanya Richardson), the church's high-strung and wicked treasurer, and the same woman who led the townspeople into driving Darrin and his mother out of Monte Carlo years before.
Paulina holds a grudge against Darrin because of his mother and for "stealing" her spot as choir director, as she was next in line and had waited for years for Sally to pass away.
After several setbacks, Darrin eventually recruits many new members, most of which he does so by promising half of the competition's prize money to them (though he has no intention of paying anyone).
He also reconnects into his old childhood friend and crush Lilly (Beyoncé Knowles), who has faced ostracization from the townspeople similar to MaryAnn's, due to her being an R&B nightclub singer, and having a son, Dean, out of wedlock.
Lilly initially refuses to join the choir as she is both put off by Darrin's romantic advances and because she doesn't want to put up with the townpeople's criticism of her, but with some assurance from Darrin, she ultimately relents and becomes the new lead singer of the choir, causing Paulina to quit in retaliation.
Several weeks later, Paulina reveals that Darrin forgot to enter the choir into the auditions on time.
Luckily, the audition judge, Luther Washington (Faizon Love), who is also the town's prison warden, lets them perform in a show for his prisoners when their booked act cancels.
Thanks to Lilly's beautiful looks and voice, the choir performs well and Washington lets them into the competition.
Washington also lets Darrin borrow three convicts who can sing.
The three convicts are Bee-Z Briggs, Lightfoot, and mr Johnson (T-Bone, Chris Cole, and Montell Jordan).
After weeks of success, the choir has become more popular, as more people have joined both it and the church.
Lilly starts to trust Darrin and develops romantic feelings for him as well.
However, Paulina takes a message for Darrin in a phone call from Rosa and learns of his past troubles, and intends on exposing him the first chance she gets.
The next afternoon at a church barbecue, Paulina deliberately reveals Darrin's secrets with a polite demeanor, in order to make herself look innocent.
Lilly, furious and heartbroken about this, tells Darrin that she doesn't care what he does; she was only using him because he was using her, and the people whom he promised money to begin to panic.
Since Lilly wants nothing to do with him, Darrin decides to quit and returns to New York, where he has been offered his job back.
However, when Darrin goes back and gets a new condo and a promotion, he comes to realize that none of these things mean anything without Lilly and the choir.
Darrin quits his job and returns to Monte Carlo to reconcile with Lilly.
The two then recruit Lucious and the Reverend and all of them rush down to the Gospel Explosion to join the choir for the performance.
When Darrin and Lilly arrive, Paulina tries to keep them out, citing that Darrin forfeited his inheritance when he left Monte Carlo.
However, Reverend Lewis finally stands up to Paulina and calls her out for being a selfish, conniving, hypocritical individual.
He then reveals to the choir that her husband, whom she previously had claimed was deceased, is alive and remarried to a better woman.
Lilly scolds Paulina for insulting Sally's will and wishes, which gave Darrin the choir.
They manage to convince the others to vote Paulina out of the choir, giving Darrin his position as director back.
Before their performance begins, Darrin tells Lilly that she inspired him to name the choir The Fighting Temptations.
After an outstanding performance, the choir wins the competition, but before ending his acceptance speech, Darrin surprises Lilly with an unexpected marriage proposal, to which she accepts.
Eighteen months later, the two are shown to be happily married with a baby of their own.
In addition, the church is about to undergo an expansion, and a reformed Paulina rejoins the choir, having become more open to those who join.
Scott is a suddenly single young man, who is known for rushing into relationships.
He invites a co-dependent, seemingly "perfect couple" to share his large apartment, only to see them completely disrupt his life when they insert themselves into his new romance.
Two sisters, Jean (Gloria DeHaven) and Patsy Deyo (June Allyson), are born into a vaudeville family, and when they grow up, start an act themselves.
One night, they invite a bunch of servicemen to their apartment.
They are both attracted to a sailor named Johnny (Van Johnson).
Jean points out to Johnny an unused nearby warehouse they wish they could make into a canteen to entertain the troops.
An anonymous benefactor they call "Somebody" starts fulfilling that goal.
First, a mr Nizby (Donald Meek) shows up and hands them the keys to the warehouse, announcing they now own it.
As the two sisters explore the dusty building, they discover that Billy Kipp (Jimmy Durante), an old vaudeville performer they knew as kids, has been squatting there ever since his wife left him and took their infant son many years ago.
A horde of cleaners tidy up, and the place is made into an inviting canteen, all courtesy of "Somebody".
Famous entertainers perform, as do Jean and Patsy.
Johnny starts dating Jean, unaware that Patsy is also in love with him.
Meanwhile, Patsy tries to discover who "Somebody" is.
Finally, she learns that it is none other than Johnny.
It also turns out that Johnny is in love with Patsy, and Jean with Sergeant Frank Miller (Tom Drake), but both did not want to hurt the other.
Everything gets straightened out in the end.
To top it off, Billy spots a sailor who looks just like a younger version of himself, down to his nose.
He and his son are joyfully reunited.
Judy (Swanson) and Nicholas Randall (Olivier) are a newly married couple who agree to a marriage based on "perfect understanding".
This agreement is meant to rule out any form of jealousy.
During their honeymoon they are called away to Cannes to spend time with their friends.
Judy chooses to go back to London to decorate their home but insists that Nicholas spend time with their friends.
While in Cannes, Nicholas becomes drunk and ends up sleeping with Stephanie (Swinburne), his former mistress.
Nicholas is guilt-stricken and immediately returns home and confesses to Judy his sin.
Judy forgives him due to their prior agreement of a perfect understanding.
However, while Nicholas is away on business she confesses to her friend Ivan (Halliday) that she is still upset with Nicholas.
Ivan then declare his love for Judy and tells her that if she would like, he would be willing to spend the night with her.
Judy leaves Ivan to consider her options and ends up wandering the streets at night.
Meanwhile, Nicholas has been outside Ivan's apartment and does not realize that Judy has left.
He concludes that the two are having an affair.
When Judy returns from walking the streets she leaves a letter for Ivan, thanking him for his love.
When she arrives home, she is confronted by Nicholas who accuses her of an affair.
She denies this and an argument ensues.
Nicholas later drives to Ivan's apartment and finds the letter.
He and Judy eventually separate.
A month later, Judy finds that she is pregnant.
She informs Nicholas who questions whether the baby is his.
Angrily, she declares that their marriage is over and chooses to initiate divorce proceedings.
Nicholas is distraught over his failed relationship with Judy and confers with his lawyer over preventing the divorce.
Unfortunately, due to Nicholas's infidelity the judge will grant the divorce for Judy unless he can prove that Judy was also unfaithful.
During the court proceedings, Nicholas' lawyer displays her letter to Ivan.
The judge dismisses the divorce due to the appearance of Judy's unfaithfulness.
Afterward, Nicholas tells Judy he believes her and the couple promise to make amends and create a new life together.
Charley Pearl is the heir to a toothpaste empire's fortune.
He is a playboy who doesn't work for a living, spending his time indulging in hobbies like speedboats and fast cars.
Charley is engaged to be married to the daughter of Lew Horner, a foul-mouthed, hot-tempered Hollywood studio mogul.
Horner is concerned that Charley has no ambition of any kind and no apparent guilt about it.
The studio chief warns Charley that if he should make Adele unhappy in any way, there will be hell to pay.
His four best friends—a comedian, a songwriter, a singer and a baseball manager (none particularly successful as yet)—accompany Charley on a drive to Las Vegas for a final bachelor's fling.
Charley is willing to foot the bill for Phil, Sammy, Tony and George but is eager to get back home to his fiancee.
They make a quick stop for a drink at a nightclub where Vicki Anderson, a glamorous singer, immediately disrupts Charley's thoughts of wedded bliss.
He tries to pick up Vicki after her performance but is sternly warned that she belongs to somebody else.
Vicki responds to Charley's charm, however, and obligingly offers to leave a window open at her home.
Charley shows up and they end up in bed, only to be caught in the act by her other lover—Bugsy Siegel, the notorious gangster.
Rather than react violently, Bugsy amuses himself with the notion that he will take the scared-stiff Vicki and Charley to a justice of the peace in the middle of the night and make them marry one another.
Charley drives her back to California and offers to pay her expenses, but Vicki walks out, wanting nothing more from him.
In the meantime, their wedding photo pops up on the front page of the morning newspaper—with Charley's engagement announcement to Lew Horner's daughter appearing on a later page, as the enraged studio boss points out.
Charley apologizes and still wants to marry a sobbing Adele.
He agrees to get an annulment from Vicki and to pay a considerable sum to charity if he should dare disappoint Horner's daughter again.
Charley accidentally runs into Vicki again and can't help himself.
Charley remarries Vicki and once again leaving his fiancee in the lurch.
Lew Horner stops just short of killing Charley, instead sending a couple of thugs to beat him and toss him into a swimming pool.
Charley accepts this as fair.
Vicki is happy, too, momentarily, coming home with an offer that could advance her career, only to learn that Charley's father has died and he is needed on the other side of the country in Boston, where he is now expected to run the family's business.
Vicki puts her career on hold and spends two years in Boston, enduring high society and boring tea parties.
She can't wait to get back to California and her career, but when Charley reneges on his promise, Vicki promptly gets a divorce.
It doesn't take long for Charley to return west.
He and his friends track Vicki to a nightclub where she has taken up with another shady figure.
They become involved in a violent brawl.
Charley then makes off with Vicki and marries her a third time, to the amazement of his pals.
As a gesture of gratitude, Charley sinks millions of dollars into a movie studio where he intends to produce pictures featuring his wife.
But while the careers of his buddies take off, Charley and Vicki begin to have children and raise a family.
Nothing at the new studio gets under way and Charley goes broke.
He angrily blames Vicki, who walks out on him yet again.
Divorced and depressed, a haggard-looking Charley is found by his friends quite a bit later at a nightclub, where he tells them he has recently gone into a promising new line of work: computers.
He stares dreamily at the stage where Vicki is performing her act.
Charley shows his friends a diamond engagement ring that he has brought with him.
Vicki slides it onto her finger.
Jim Buchanan (Marshall), wealthy president of Buchanan Motor Company, is engaged to Evelyn Fletcher (Inescort), a henpecking aristocrat who is interested in Jim for his money.
When Jim's fellow executives reject his plan to introduce a new automobile design, he decides to take a vacation.
Declaring himself "sick and tired of everything", Jim goes for a walk in the park, where he meets a young woman named Joan Hawthorne (Arthur).
Joan is having trouble finding a job and has just been evicted from her apartment.
Assuming he is also a job hunter, she asks Jim to pose as her husband so they can apply for a combined job opening for a butler and a cook.
Without revealing his true identity, he agrees.
"Mr.
and mrs Burns" are soon hired by Michael Rossini (Carrillo).
She is a good cook; he improves his skills by sneaking away at night and taking lessons from his own butler.
He also goes to his office and takes some of his automobile sketches to show to Joan.
Impressed by his designs, on their day off she shows them to an executive with one of Buchanan's competitors, but he recognizes Buchanan's style, leading to her arrest for theft.
Having fallen in love with Jim, she refuses to help the police find him.
Meanwhile, Jim has decided to tell Joan who he is.
When she misses a lunch date while in jail, he writes her a letter, abandons his butler position, and returns to Evelyn and his life as a businessman.
Rossini, who has just organized a bootlegging gang, learns of Jim's trip to the office from his assistant, Flash (Stander), who is suspicious of Jim and has been tailing him.
Wanting Joan for himself, he has her bailed out and tells her the truth about Jim.
She reacts by raging against Jim, so Rossini promptly orders his henchmen to kill Jim at his wedding.
To ingratiate himself with Joan, he tells her about this, but she declares that she loves Jim after all and begs Rossini to spare his life.
Rossini's men abduct Jim from his own wedding as he is about to take his vows, but Rossini arrives before they leave.
He and his men take Jim home at gunpoint and fetch a justice of the peace to marry Jim and Joan.
Joan refuses and locks herself in her room, but Jim embraces the plan.
Since Rossini's men were seen kidnapping him, he blackmails the gang into persuading her to change her mind.
Outside Joan's room, Rossini pretends to argue with Jim, Flash fires his gun in the air, and Jim collapses onto the floor, pretending to be hit.
The deception works: Joan opens the door and rushes to his side.
After serving all his working life with the 'South Star' line, exclusively in cargo ships, Albert Ebbs is finally given command (abeit temporarily) of the SS Queen Adelaide, a cruise liner sailing from London to Sydney.
An excellent seaman.
he finds that he now has many social obligations that he does not have the skills to fulfill.
He must preside at the Captain's Table, host cocktail parties, judge beauty contests and dance with the lady passengers.
He must also cope with amorous widows, young couples who want him to marry them and a blustering ex-major who claims to have the ear of the Chairman of the shipping line.
To add to his woes, most of the officers and crew, led by the Chief Purser, are actively on the fiddle.
The Captain doesn't fully realise this until the last night of the cruise, when champagne being served is revealed to be cider, with the crew pocketing the considerable profits.
All comes out well - just.
The Captain finds himself engaged to be married to an attractive widow, the Chief Officer is also engaged to a young heiress and the larcenous officers are arrested by Sydney police.
Jonathan Younger owns a self-storage facility.
He has a strained relationship with wife Penny, a plain and skittish woman who is startled by a noise Jonathan makes and dies from a heart attack.
Jonathan's college-aged son Winston returns home to help run the family business.
While they interact with a number of quirky customers, Jonathan is haunted by the spirit of his late wife, who becomes increasingly attractive to him with each ghostly apparition.
A British parliamentary delegation is dispatched to the village of Laxdale - a loosely disguised Applecross - in the Scottish Highlands where the residents are protesting at their poor links with the outside world.
After a few days amongst them, and initial problems of interaction, the visitors begin to fully appreciate the locals' lifestyle.
A redheaded American girl from New York finds herself in a love triangle in the City of Light (Paris, France).
Maggie Scott (Ann-Margret) works as an assistant buyer for Irene Chase (Edie Adams).
Irene is a fashion buyer for Barclay Ames, an upscale clothing store in New York owned by Roger Barclay (John McGiver).
Ted Barclay (Chad Everett), the son of Roger Barclay, takes a special interest in Maggie.
After taking her on a date, he finds that her morals are different from the multitude of his previous women.
This bachelor doesn’t seem to mind a good chase.
Irene sends Maggie to Paris as her representative for the annual fashion shows of the major European fashion designers such as Marc Fontaine, Dior, and Balenciaga.
The most important show is Marc Fontaine (Louis Jourdan) because Barclay Ames is the only store in New York that handles Fontaine gowns, and Maggie must keep that rapport between the two companies on her trip.
Worried for Maggie’s safety, Ted calls his Paris-based columnist friend, Herb Stone (Richard Crenna), to look after her in Paris.
Maggie’s arrival in Paris is paired with a warning from Herb Stone that she may lose all of her inhibitions, which she quickly denies could happen.
Marc Fontaine, the handsome French designer, had a relationship with Irene.
It doesn’t take long for the Parisian scenery to play with Maggie’s emotions, leading her into the arms of mr Fontaine.
Herb Stone completes the love triangle by pursuing Maggie as well.
His version of a good time doesn’t involve the exciting dance club Maggie dances in for mr Fontaine.
He would rather settle down in the bedroom.
Ted Barclay decides to fly out to Paris to win Maggie’s heart once and for all.
American newlyweds Denise and Danny have just begun their month-long honeymoon by the ocean in New Jersey when Denise witnesses a ragged man, fully clad, emerging from the water.
She screams to rouse her sleeping husband, but it is too late; the zombie attacks.
Holding Danny down, he vomits a black, viscous fluid into Danny's mouth before collapsing.
Rushed to the hospital, Danny cannot be revived, but as the doctor is telling Denise that her husband is dead he reanimates on his own.
Soon after his release, it becomes clear to Denise that all is not well.
The vegetarian Danny is craving meat.
When Denise finds that her husband is struggling with compulsive cannibalism, she is horrified, but compelled by love and pity to clean up after him and protect him.
Her efforts to help him overcome his urges prove futile.
Danny's body count mounts while his willpower deteriorates as quickly as his decomposing flesh.
Though Denise has not been able to bring herself to flee her husband, even as he kills their closest friends, the remaining bonds of love that have held Danny back from killing his bride seem to have dissolved.
He attacks her and forces her down, beginning to produce the viscous fluid that had transformed him.
Just before infecting Denise, he turns his head, sparing her his fate.
He apologizes to her as he finally dies.
Denise, after tenderly disposing of his body, goes back to the beach, where she remembers better times between them and looks to the tickets that the pair had purchased to start their dream life in Portugal.
Danilo (Daniel Tavares) is about to move out of his parents' house to go live with his boyfriend, Marcos (Diego Torraca), when his parents die unexpectedly in an accident.
His plans for the future change and he becomes responsible for his 10‑year-old brother, Lucas (Eduardo Melo).
New bonds are created between these three young men.
While brothers Danilo and Lucas need to learn everything they did not know about each other, Marcos tries to find out if there is a place for him in his boyfriend’s new family arrangement.
In between video games, glasses of milk, pain and disappointment, they all need to learn how to live together.
Fabrizio Barbetti (Christian De Sica) and Lisa Pinzoni (Sabrina Ferilli) are two remarried doctors who, since divorce, have been simply unable to get along with each other.
They hate one another to such an extent that they argue and fight in public, even on television, but their lives as a divorced couple are going to change as they establish, with their respective new partners, to spend their Christmas holidays in Gstaad, Switzerland.
Here, after a difficult start, the two end up falling again for each other and begin planning to make their partners do so as well, so that they can end their current relationships and start a new life together.
However, they ignore that Angela (Fabrizio's new wife) and Gabriele (Lisa's current husband) have been cheating on them for a year and are already in a relationship.
In fact, the vacation was planned by them in order to make Fabrizio and Lisa want to get back together.
When her father dies, orphan teenager Tamahine (Nancy Kwan) is sent from her South Pacific island home to live with Charles Poole (Dennis Price), her father's cousin and the headmaster of Hallow, a prestigious all-male English school.
Richard (John Fraser), Charles' son and school student, falls in love with her, but she considers him tabu because of the closeness of their family relationship.
Another suitor is the art master, Clove (Derek Nimmo), after he breaks up with Charles' daughter Diana (Justine Lord).
Meanwhile, Tamahine has trouble adjusting to the puzzling social mores of her new home, exasperating Charles, but also making him start to question his own joyless existence.
In the end, Richard convinces Tamahine that marrying him does not violate English tabus, while Clove resigns to go paint in a foreign land, accompanied by Diana.
The film leaps ahead several years, showing a scruffily bearded Charles enjoying life on Tamahine's island, while Richard takes his place as headmaster, watched by Tamahine and their children.
Salsa dancing and 'El Corazon', a London Salsa Club provide the backdrop for the love-inspired efforts of three unlikely romantics:  Fergus (David Morrissey), who arrives in London from his native Liverpool, on a search for Maureen ('Mo') Docherty (Jane Horrocks), the high-school sweetheart he jilted years ago.
Eddie (Jimi Mistry), the incompetent mugger who falls for Jocelyn (Catherine McCormack), the neurotic "absentee grave tender" (she tends the graves of loved ones for people who cannot).
Frankie (Craig Ferguson), a hopeless romantic trapped in the fifties and still sharing a house with his ex.
He pursues the elegant and snobbish Eleanor (Olivia Williams), art restorer by day and Salsa dancer by night.
All are connected by Jimmy (Adrian Lester), a cab driver, and a place, 'El Corazon'.
The film stars Cristina (Denise Fraga), who uses a dating agency to find Paulo.
While Cristina dates Paulo the owner of the dating agency, Chico, begins to fall in love with Cristina.
At Custer University, Ray Blent (Anthony Perkins) is an honor student and college basketball star.
June Ryder (Jane Fonda) has come to the university to study home economics and to find a husband.
Both students and faculty are scandalized by Ryder's unashamed pursuit of Blent.
She joins the pom-pom girls and attends all the classes taken by Blent to ensure she has maximum contact with him.
Everyone is aware of her designs on the sexually naive Blent, except for him.
She succeeds in convincing him that she has an intelligent, inquiring mind that he admires, although this is all done through deception.
She eventually gets Blent to fall for her and propose marriage.
However, they need several thousand dollars to set up a home.
Blent is secretly propositioned, via a radio message, by a gambling syndicate to lose a key game with a visiting Russian team.
He refuses to do this, but is unable to return the money as he does not know who is behind the bribe.
Rather than deliberately throw the game, he decides to deliberately fail an ethics exam, which automatically disqualifies him from playing.
He is the best student in class and the only way he can fail is by copying Ryder's paper.
Too late he realizes that his not playing is tantamount to ensuring his team will lose, and that he has given the gamblers exactly what they want.
Meanwhile, his ethics professor, Leo Sullivan (Ray Walston), is coming under extreme student and faculty pressure to reverse the failure and give Blent a passing grade.
He refuses to do this on principle, but finally consents to give Blent an oral retest while the game is in progress.
Blent passes and plays for the last few minutes, achieving a one-point victory for the school.
Romantic comedy concerning Richard and his efforts to win back his wife, whilst taking part in weekend re-enactments of Viking battles.
At the same time he is bullied at work and his son is bullied at school because of his father's hobby.
The film follows Max Normane, a successful literary editor, who wants to have a child alone.
She offers to publish Jake Buckley (Paul Johansson), a struggling writer, in exchange for his sperm for artificial insemination.
A housewife and mother of two, Sandy (Catherine Zeta-Jones), discovers that her husband has been unfaithful.
After a hasty divorce, she moves to New York City with her young son and daughter.
There, they begin a new life.
Sandy rents an apartment above a coffee house and befriends one of the baristas, Aram Finklestein (Justin Bartha).
At age 25, Aram is not sure what he wants to do with his life having just separated (his wife was a French woman who married him for a green card).
Despite having a college degree, he is aimless and gets a job at a women's center.
During a self-defense class at the women's center where Aram plays the perpetrator, Sandy unleashes an "ocean of anger" on him.
The next day, she goes to the coffeeshop to apologize to him and asks him to babysit her kids.
He becomes a full-time nanny for the family and develops a close-knit relationship with the children; and a chemistry starts to brew between Aram and Sandy, ensuing in an awkward sexual encounter that the children come to know about.
Notwithstanding, they start to date; and, after two months, they seem perfect together.
One day, Sandy feels nauseated and suspects she is pregnant.
Aram is thrilled and looks forward to raising a child with her.
A doctor confirms that Sandy is pregnant, but it is an ectopic pregnancy and will result in a miscarriage.
As they leave the doctor, a fight breaks out between Aram and Sandy, with the latter confirming that she thinks it's ludicrous that the two of them, with an age difference of 15 years, would ever be happy together.
After the break up, Aram decides to travel the world and to experience new things.
Sandy is promoted at her sports news job to anchor.
After five years, the two meet again in a chance encounter at a Chinese restaurant.
Aram reveals he has adopted a young boy from Bangladesh and is still single.
Sandy, who is celebrating another promotion with her children and a colleague, invites Aram and his family to join them.
The film ends as the two hold hands underneath the table whilst their children start to bond implying that went on to rekindle their relationship.
As the opening credits roll, a band called Flux, apparently with no singer, starts to play at a nightclub.
Among the audience is a girl named Courtney Lane (Tammin Sursok).
Interspersed with the scenes of the band playing, singer Nikko Alexander (Nolan Gerard Funk) calmly walks into the club through the back, barely making his cue for "Don't Tell Me".
At the end of the song, he kicks over one of the amps, destroying it for effect.
After the performance, the other members of Flux, upset by his carelessness, kick him out of the band; Nikko's girlfriend Amy (Britt Irvin), who is also in the band, dumps him.
After the band members leave, Courtney frantically attempts to recruit Nikko into a show choir named "Spectacular.
," of which she is leader.
Though Nikko is skeptical and condescendingly rejects her offer, Courtney begs him to come to a carnival to see the choir perform and then make his decision.
The next day at the carnival, Nikko arrives in time to see the Spectacular.
show choir perform "Eye of the Tiger".
Afterward, the ever-anxious Courtney once again attempts to persuade Nikko, who is less than impressed by the group's performance and style, to join the show choir and help them win a national contest, even offering him half the group's earnings from the contest in exchange for his consent.
Nikko declines to join the group, stating that he isn't interested in choir.
Soon, another show choir named Ta-da performs "Things We Do for Love".
The lead singers are Royce (Simon Curtis), who used to be the lead singer for Spectacular.
but quit after breaking up with Courtney, and Tammi (Victoria Justice), Royce's new girlfriend who is a snobby and selfish girl.
It is hinted she was a member of "Spectacular.
" because of the number of times Courtney calls her a backstabber and that the letter I in her name stand for the "ice in her veins".
Later on, Nikko meets with and performs for a famous music producer named mr Dickenson, who informs him that he has a shot at getting a record deal if he can raise enough money for equipment for his demo, which has to be excellent.
Nikko recalls Courtney's offer of half the earnings from the contest Spectacular.
plans to perform in, and decides to join the choir in order to get the money to pay for his demo.
When he approaches the choir Courtney remembers his mockery of their carnival performance and initially refuses to let him join, but acquisces after Nikko demonstrates his talent by performing "Break My Heart" in front of the whole group, who are impressed by his vocals.
When they are practicing, however, Nikko finds out that dancing for show choir is not as easy as it looks and cannot easily pick up the dance routines.
Nikko, who lives with his older brother Stavros (Christopher Jacot), does not inform his brother that he has joined show choir or that he is attempting to get a record deal because he knows Stavros would not approve.
Several days later the group, dressed in hideous cowboy costumes, goes to perform at the club Nikko and his old band, Flux, had performed at in the beginning of the movie.
There Nikko runs into his old band members, leading to an awkward confrontation and a lot of mockery from Flux.
Meanwhile, Ta-da, who are also at the club, performs their song "Lonely Love Song".
Nikko discovers from the other Spectacular.
members that Royce is Courtney's ex-boyfriend.
Upon witnessing Ta-da's good performance and the snobby attitudes of Tammi and Royce, Nikko becomes determined to help Spectacular.
win the upcoming competition and begins to think that the group should come up with new dance moves and new music.
One day, before Courtney arrives for choir practice, Nikko encourages the other choir members to try things a different way, and performs "Your Own Way", persuading the others to join in.
Though they are initially reluctant to go against Courtney's wishes, the rest of the group eventually agree that they need a new routine in order to win the competition.
They later meet up at Nikko's house, unbeknown to Courtney, and Nikko begins to teach them new dance moves, stating that if they perform the song in front of Courtney she would be impressed and may agree to change the group's style.
The choir assembles at Nikko's house every night to practice while still attending practices with Courtney every afternoon.
Nikko learns of Spectacular.
s tradition of gathering for a bowling night the week before a competition.
Only four members, including Nikko and Courtney, show up at the bowling alley, where they discover that Tammi and Royce are already bowling in their lane.
After a brief confrontation between the two groups, Nikko persuades the others to perform a song using "Rock The World," a spoof of the real-life video game Rock Band.
Random selection chooses a song called "For the First Time", which was Courtney and Royce's old duet.
She and Nikko sing it, much to Royce's jealousy, and Nikko and Courtney are becoming attracted to each other.
Nikko invites Courtney over to his house for a surprise, and when they get there the whole group has assembled on Nikko's rooftop, where they all perform "Your Own Way" for Courtney.
Courtney, instead of being impressed, is upset, accusing Nikko to have betrayed her by practicing another routine behind her back, and then leaves.
Later that night, Nikko goes to Courtney's house to apologize and almost has a fistfight with Royce, who has come to ask Courtney to get back together with him.
Courtney rejects Royce, who tauntingly tells Nikko that Ta-Da will beat Spectacular.
at the competition in the "weirdest trash talk that [Nikko's] ever heard".
After Royce leaves, Nikko apologizes to Courtney for taking control of the group behind her back and offers to do things her way, but Courtney admits that the group needs a change.
Courtney's mother tells Nikko that he can bring some good and change to the "Spectacular.
" group and that Courtney will know how far they are actually able to push the envelope to win.
The two of them decide to combine their talents and perform a song that everyone can agree upon, and mr Romano (Greg Germann), their music teacher, suggests a song called "Something to Believe In".
Spectacular.
begins intense rehearsals and all seems well ("Just Freak"), until mr Dickinson pays Nikko and Stavros a visit and informs them that his boss is offering Nikko and Flux a record deal after an audition and will only be available on Saturday night.
Knowing that Spectacular.
is scheduled to perform at the concert on Saturday night, Nikko is torn between his commitment to the choir and his one shot at getting a record deal.
He tries to inform Courtney of his decision to audition for the record deal, but cannot bring himself to do it.
Meanwhile, Amy informs Stavros that Nikko has joined choir and Stavros confronts Nikko in front of the members of Spectacular.
, insisting that Niko drop out of choir and audition for the record deal instead.
The other members of Spectacular.
are upset at Nikko for bailing on them at the last minute, and Courtney feels that Nikko has betrayed her again.
mr Romano visits Nikko, who is having a tough time deciding what to do, at his house and reveals that he was once in a famous band as Joey Rome that could have been more successful if he hadn't flopped and broke his contract due to his fear of taking risks.
Before leaving to go audition for the record deal, Courtney shows up.
Nikko fears that she is mad at him for turning his back on "Spectacular.
" but instead she kisses him on the cheek and wishes him luck.
On concert night, Ta-Da performs "On The Wings Of A Dream" and earns much applause and acclaim from the audience.
Meanwhile, Nikko and Flux perform at their audition for the record deal, but Nikko's heart is not in it and the producers notice and tell him they are not interested; Stavros says that Nikko is just warming up, and that he is better than what he is giving out.
Nikko begs them to let him show where his "heart is".
When it is Spectacular.
s turn to sing "Something to Believe In" at the national competition, Nikko, much to Courtney's surprise and delight, arrives onstage right before the chorus, belting out a long note.
Flux joins him, playing background music, and mr Romano reprises his dream as a rock star by playing a guitar during the song.
Nikko and Courtney reconcile, and the group earns a standing ovation.
Ta-Da is announced as the winner of the contest and Spectacular.
is disqualified because Flux were unregistered members of the act.
Tammi reveals to Royce that she had only used him to win the contest and breaks up with him.
Even though Spectacular.
lost the contest, Nikko's amazing performance got him the record deal.
After everyone leaves, Nikko and Courtney share a kiss.
It ends with Spectacular.
, Flux, and mr Romano in a studio together recording a song, suitably named "Everything Can Change", with Nikko and Courtney as the lead singers in the song.
A group of college students from Los Angeles travel to Palm Springs to spend the Easter weekend there.
Student Jim Munroe (Troy Donahue) falls for Bunny Dixon (Stefanie Powers), the daughter of an overprotective police chief (Andrew Duggan).
Munroe's room mate Biff Roberts (Jerry Van Dyke) and plain-jane Amanda North (Zeme North) try to seduce each other.
Spoiled rich playboy Eric Dean (Robert Conrad) and Hollywood stuntman from Texas Doug Fortune (Ty Hardin) compete for the attentions of a pretty girl (Connie Stevens) from Beverly Hills.
A wild auto chase and serious crash ensue on the long drive home after an evening in Las Vegas, but all ends well.
The movie begins with Georgia Drake (Kay Francis) performing on the stage, singing "Gypsy Lullaby" while her daughter, Pamela (Deanna Durbin), watches with her boyfriend Freddie Miller (Lewis Howard).
Georgia is an older Broadway actress who was once very famous.
Her daughter, Pam, also has great acting skills and hopes to be a successful actress as well.
At an after-party celebrating the closing of a play that Georgia was in, Pamela convinces director Sidney Simpson (Samuel Hinds) and writer Carl Ober (SZ.
Sakall) to attend one of the plays she is in.
After the party ends, Pamela sings "Love is All" with the maid, Sara (Cecilia Loftus), playing piano and her mother listening.
Sidney and Carl go to Connecticut and decide to try out the second act of their new play, st Anne.
They put Pamela in the role of st Anne.
In the performance of the second act, Pamela sings, "Loch Lomond".
(This is a particularly acclaimed version of that folk song) The directors are impressed with Pamela's performance and offer her the role of st Anne in their upcoming play.
Pamela is very excited, but does not know she is taking over a role which they had originally offered to her mother.
Georgia is unaware of what has happened, as she is in Honolulu to prepare herself.
Pamela travels to Hawaii to ask her mother to coach her.
On her journey, she is noticed by pineapple king John Arlen (Walter Pidgeon).
Noticing her practicing the play, he thinks that she is a troubled girl who just got jilted by her love, and sets out to distract her by posing as a stowaway.
Eventually they figure out the truth about each other, and become friends.
Soon after Pamela arrives in Honolulu, she learns she is replacing her mother in the role of st Anne.
Not wanting to hurt her, she decides to give the role up.
In order to keep Georgia from the truth she asks John to take the two of them to dinner in order to avoid a call from Sidney that would reveal the truth to Georgia.
The three of them go out to many dinners and spend time together.
Pamela becomes determined that she will quit acting and she wants to marry John.
Meanwhile, John has fallen in love with Georgia.
At a ball, he tries to avoid Pamela, who wants to propose to him.
He knows her intentions and wants to propose to Georgia before Pamela gets the chance.
He gets her to sing for everyone at the ball.
Pamela sings, "Quando me n'vo - When I go along," from "La bohème".
After she finishes the song while the crowd is around her, John takes Georgia outside and proposes to her.
Georgia decides that she will marry him, and then she tells the producers that she will not be performing st Anne, for she wants a real honeymoon.
Pamela is initially crushed, but she was not really in love with John.
Pamela devotes herself to her role, with the help of her mother, and becomes the star of st Anne.
The movie ends with Pam portraying st Anne, singing "Ave Maria (Schubert), as John and Georgia watch from the audience.
Dave (Vince Vaughn), a dealer for Guitar Hero, and Ronnie (Malin Åkerman), a stay-at-home mom, are a typical couple raising two young children in the suburbs of Chicago.
They experience various stresses including redecorating their house and raising their kids.
Joey (Jon Favreau) and Lucy (Kristin Davis) are high school sweethearts with a smart but naive teenage daughter named Lacey.
Their relationship is on the rocks and they are even considering a divorce once Lacey goes off to college.
Jason (Jason Bateman) and Cynthia (Kristen Bell) are a neurotic couple who've experienced multiple failed attempts to conceive, and Shane (Faizon Love), who has recently separated from his wife, has a much younger twenty-year-old girlfriend, Trudy (Kali Hawk).
At Dave's son's birthday party, Jason and Cynthia, using PowerPoint, announce their troubled marriage and they are considering divorce because they cannot have a baby.
As a last-ditch effort, they have found a couples therapy resort named Eden.
A deal called the Pelican Package is half the normal cost if they can get three other couples to join them.
In their presentation, they show beautiful pictures of sunlit beaches and beautiful locations.
They also assure the others that the couples therapy is purely optional.
Dave and Ronnie discuss their inability to go because of childcare responsibilities and decline the trip.
In the middle of the night, their home security alarm is activated when Jason shows up unexpectedly to further sell the idea of the retreat.
The commotion wakes the kids, who have overheard their parents' conversations of not being able to go because of them.
Fearing that their parents are contemplating divorce, the kids have already arranged for Dave's father, Grandpa Jim-Jim (played by Vince Vaughn's real-life father, Vernon Vaughn) to babysit so their parents can go to Eden.
The retreat proves to be divided into Eden West and Eden East.
West is for couples and uses the tagline "Stay Together".
East is for singles and uses the tagline "Come Together".
East and West attendees are not allowed to intermingle.
Upon arrival at Eden West, the four couples are shown their villas.
At dinner, Sctanley (pronounced "Stanley"), the resort host (Peter Serafinowicz), informs them that couples therapy, which starts at 6m, is actually mandatory.
If any couple fails to attend, it will be taken as an indication that they want to leave, and a refund for Eden will be given, although not for their airfare.
The group debates what to do.
After an indulgent dinner with many delicacies, they decide to put up with "a couple of hours" of therapy in order to enjoy the other amenities of the resort.
In the morning, each couple meets with an assigned therapist.
All four couples learn that they have problems, even Ronnie and Dave, who thought they were fine.
They endure resort owner Marcel's (Jean Reno) unusual methods, including swimming with and feeding lemon sharks and yoga sessions with amorous instructor Salvadore (Carlos Ponce).
On the fourth night, Trudy escapes to Eden East.
The other seven, encouraged by Joey who is unsatisfied with his marriage, leave to find her.
Following an argument between Cynthia and Jason, the men and women split up.
As they try to find their way to the resort, the men end up arguing and pointing out each others' marriage mistakes.
The women run into Salvadore who takes them to Eden East.
The men come across the staff lounge where they find Sctanley playing Guitar Hero.
He threatens to report them to Marcel, but Dave challenges him to the game (without telling Sctanley that he is involved in the game's production).
Sctanley, after having lost the wager, directs them to Eden East, even though he knows he was tricked by Dave.
When they arrive, Dave realizes what a good thing he has with Ronnie.
He goes with her to be alone at a waterfall.
Joey finds Lucy with Salvadore and knocks him out, reuniting with his wife.
Cynthia and Jason share drinks and end up becoming intimate.
Shane runs into his ex-wife, who admits she still loves him.
Shane tells Trudy to remain in Eden East and enjoy being single, then leaves with his ex-wife.
All four couples return to Eden West.
Marcel, seeing that the couples have worked out their problems, frees them from the therapy and allows them to go jet skiing, and with that, really enjoy the rest of their vacation.
Dolly "Angel Face" Morgan is a parolee out to fleece any wealthy man who is taken in by her looks.
She is recognized by two fellow con artists, Gwen and Brad.
Since she needs some help, she allows them to help "pull a job," shaking down a wealthy man for $10,000 after her outraged "husband" (Brad) breaks in and finds them in a compromising situation.
But when Brad has Gwen hide the money, and tells Dolly that their victim stopped payment on his check, Dolly takes all of the money and makes a quick getaway.
Soon after, Dolly meets a young man named Steve Crandall in Atlantic City for a cement convention.
Believing that he is a wealthy plantation owner, she flirts with him.
When he proposes they get married that very night, Dolly is shocked, but accepts.
She is packing to leave with Steve when Brad shows up, demanding his share of the $10,000.
Once again, Dolly uses her wits to escape.
Dolly and Steve take the train south to his home town of Winthrop, Alabama.
There Dolly is rudely surprised to discover that Steve is far from rich, nor does he own a plantation (though he lives next door to one).
He is certain his invention, Enduro cement, will make his fortune, but his new wife is not so sure.
Dolly has grown fond of Steve, but cannot hide her disappointment from him.
That evening, she has him take her to a train for New York.
The next morning, however, Steve returns to his room to find Dolly curled up in a chair.
She is in love with him and has decided to reform, though she keeps her past a secret.
Brad and Gwen track her down, certain she has landed yet another rich sucker.
They are surprised to find her living in modest circumstances.
Dolly tells them that she has fallen for a poor man, but they do not believe her.
To get rid of them, she gives them the $10,000.
However, Steve receives a telegram informing him that a company has bought his cement formula for $100,000.
Overjoyed, he rushes home and tells Dolly, his mother, and "cousins" Brad and Gwen.
Brad and Gwen blackmail Dolly into a scheme to part Steve from his new-found riches.
Brad invites the couple to stay with him in New York City.
Just as Steve is about to sign Brad's contract, Dolly cannot take it anymore.
She telephones the police, then tells Steve that the contract is nothing but a scam; she then confesses to Steve that she herself is a crook and that she only married him in order to fleece him.
Steve is devastated.
The cops show up and take her away.
Steve begs Dolly to come back to him, but she says that he would be better off without her.
Dolly is taken to prison.
Steve, however, manages to get the warden to parole her into his custody.
The setting is Los Angeles in 1970; the arrest and trial of the Manson Family is featured throughout the novel as a current event.
Larry "Doc" Sportello, private investigator and "pothead", receives a visit from his former girlfriend Shasta Fay Hepworth, now having an affair with the real-estate mogul Michael "Mickey" Wolfmann.
Shasta asks Doc to help foil a plot allegedly hatched by Mickey's wife Sloane and her lover, Riggs Warbling, to have Mickey admitted to a mental health institution.
Soon afterwards a black militant named Tariq Khalil asks Doc to find Glen Charlock, one of Mickey's bodyguards—Tariq claims that Glen owes him money after their time spent together in prison.
Doc visits one of Mickey's developments but is knocked unconscious, and awakes to find himself being questioned by his old LAPD nemesis, Det.
Christian "Bigfoot" Bjornsen, who informs Doc that Glen Charlock has been shot dead and that Mickey has vanished.
Later, Doc is visited by Hope Harlingen, the widow of a musician named Coy Harlingen, who wants Doc to investigate rumours that Coy is still alive.
Doc finds Coy in a nightclub, but upon hearing that Doc is investigating Mickey, Coy tells Doc about the Golden Fang, an old schooner suspected of bringing mysterious goods into port, and upon which both Mickey and Shasta are rumoured to have departed.
Doc learns that Coy has been working for the government as an informer and agent provocateur, but is allowed no contact with his family.
He also discovers that one Puck Beaverton had switched shifts with Glen Charlock on the day of Glen's death, and that Mickey had been working at the time of his disappearance on a plan to atone for his sins as a ruthless entrepreneur.
Doc pays a visit to the HQ of Golden Fang Enterprises where he meets Japonica Fenway, a young runaway whom Doc had returned to her wealthy parents on a previous occasion.
Japonica reveals that she has stayed at a clinic named the Chryskylodon Institute.
Doc visits the Institute, where he again encounters Coy Harlingen, and deduces that Mickey has been apprehended by persons unknown.
Doc is then told that the attack during which Glen Charlock was shot was carried out by a group of vigilantes who are said to do dirty work for the LAPD.
Doc then discovers links between Puck Beaverton and a notorious loan shark named Adrian Prussia.
After a visit from Trillium Fortnight, a female companion of Puck's, Doc travels to Las Vegas in search of Puck and Trillium's sexual threesome partner, Einar.
In Las Vegas, Doc places a bet with the manager of the Kismet Lounge, Fabian Fazzo, that Mickey did not fake his own disappearance.
Later, Doc believes that he sees Mickey in the company of federal agents, and subsequently hears of Mickey's scheme for a philanthropic housing project in the desert.
Doc visits the site and encounters Riggs Warbling, architect of the housing project, who fears that Mickey has been "reprogrammed" and that the development, already abandoned, will be destroyed.
Back in Los Angeles, Doc learns that Puck Beaverton and Bigfoot's former policing partner, Vincent Indelicato, were sworn enemies.
Adrian Prussia, who was used by the authorities as an unofficial assassin, effectively immune from the law, and who employed Puck, permitted Puck to murder Vincent.
Doc visits Adrian, who claims that he is behind the Golden Fang organization, while Puck contends that Glen was killed deliberately because he was supplying black-power groups with weapons.
Doc is handcuffed and about to be given a lethal drug overdose, but escapes and kills both Puck and Adrian.
Bigfoot, who has evidently been using Doc to investigate Vincent's death, picks Doc up, but sets him up with a huge quantity of stolen heroin.
Doc performs a in order to hide the drugs and is later contacted by Crocker Fenway (father of Japonica) who acts as an intermediary for the Golden Fang.
Doc arranges a handover, his only condition being that Coy is released from all of his obligations and allowed to return to his family.
After the handover has taken place, Doc and his lawyer Sauncho hear that the Golden Fang schooner is leaving port.
Along with the Coast Guard, they pursue the vessel, and watch as it is abandoned after encountering an enormous surf wave.
Sauncho and Doc then decide to place a claim on the schooner.
At the end of the novel, Doc receives a payment from Fabian Fazzo in settlement of his bet about Mickey.
He also learns that Coy has been reunited with Hope and their child, Amethyst.
It has been six months since Laida Magtalas and Miggy Montenegro became a couple.
Laida was promoted from executive assistant to accounts executive, while Miggy has been doing well as he is being mentored by his older brother Art Montenegro.
Laida gets an offer from her aunt to work in Canada where she is being given a good recommendation.
Miggy's father vouches for his promotion as general manager of the family's industrial laundry business in Laguna but this also prompts a few hesitations from Art.
The promotion proves difficult for the couple's relationship as a result of time constraints and the relationship suffers from the pressures of being apart.
Their relationship becomes even more troubled with the introduction of Macoy.
Macoy is Laida's long time friend whom she broke up with after he did not keep his promise of them going together to the same college.
Their situation turns worse when Miggy has to fix a few issues in the plant when he accepted orders from his brother Art's ex-girlfriend, Christina.
His company's demand volume is too much for their man-power thus making some workers unhappy which leads to a labor strike.
His father steps in and helps resolve the issue but Miggy has to set expectations to the clients affected by the strike.
Those business meetings which preceded prompts Miggy to almost miss a wedding that Laida and him would go to.
He arrives too late for the wedding and sees Laida crying with Macoy beside her.
After Miggy and Laida have a heated argument, both of them decide to separate for a period of time.
The industrial laundry business soon is working in optimum efficiency which makes his brother trust him more, to the point of having him take over the family telecom stake in China.
In the Montenegro group of companies annual general meeting, Laida sees Miggy for the first time after the argument, with Laida simply saying "Good morning, Sir", then leaving the venue right away.
At the actual meeting, Miggy is announced as the officer in charge of the telecoms business.
Macoy talks sense to Laida to go back and pursue Miggy.
She meets Miggy in the garden where she says she still loves him.
Miggy suggests that it will be a more challenging time for them, but he also says he loves her.
Afterwards, the two share a kiss with each other.
Charlie, played by Joe Moran, is a shy and geeky college student who is studying film production at an unnamed college.
His roommate is the much more outgoing Rob, played by Patrick McColley.
Their dorm room features walls covered with posters for horror and porn movies, as well as Christmas lights and cut out pictures of women’s breasts, which is dubbed Rob’s “wall of tits.
” The room also features an unseen closet that is the home to all of Rob’s drug paraphernalia.
The film opens with a conversation about independent movies, which leads directly to the film’s title.
We then see Charlie and Rob in their film-201 classroom where Charlie fantasizes about Juliet, the girl who sits across from him.
Juliet, played by Jocelyn DeBoer, seems to be a mixture of Charlie and Rob.
She shares Charlie’s main interests of horror movies and Kevin Smith, while being outgoing and a bit more vulgar like Rob.
She also harbors feelings for Charlie, which is obvious the first time they interact on screen.
Unfortunately, Charlie can’t take a hint (or several dozen hints) and Rob develops a plan to get the two of them together.
The next time Charlie helps Juliet in the editing bay, Rob convinces their bumbling Professor to end class early locking Charlie and Juliet in the classroom.
Stuck spending the night together, Charlie and Juliet finally open up to each other.
The film develops through a series of witty conversations and is filled with sharp dialogue, obscure movie references and indie film clichés.
Divorced American Harvey Shine writes jingles for television commercials, a job not in keeping with his dream of being a jazz pianist and composer.
His position at work is tenuous as he departs for London to attend his daughter Susan's wedding.
Upon arrival at Heathrow Airport, he encounters Kate Walker, a single Londoner who works collecting statistics from passengers as they pass through the terminals.
Tired and anxious to get to his hotel, Harvey brusquely dismisses her when she approaches him with the survey.
Arriving at his hotel Harvey discovers that he is the only wedding guest booked in there.
He is hurt to discover that has his ex-wife Jean has rented a house to accommodate everyone who is attending from the States, except him.
At the dinner on the night preceding the wedding, it becomes increasingly clear Harvey is now an outsider to his daughter's life and is being excluded from the clan around his ex-wife's new husband Brian.
Their politeness towards him is insincere and makes him feel embarrassed and uncomfortable.
Susan tells Harvey that as her step-father Brian has been more of a father to her in the last few years than he has, she is going to ask him to give her way at her wedding.
Clearly upset, but accepting of her decision Harvey lies and tells Susan that he will be attending the ceremony but not the reception because he has to urgently return to the States.
Meanwhile, Kate is on a blind date that is not going well.
After taking a phone call from her neurotic mother Maggie, she returns to the table to discover that her date has bumped into friends at the bar and invited them to join them.
Feeling socially awkward and excluded from the group she eventually goes home.
The following morning Harvey attends the wedding and then leaves immediately for the airport, having been excluded again and seated at the back of the church instead of the front in his true place next to his daughter.
Owing to the heavy London traffic he is delayed and misses his flight back to the States.
When he calls his boss to advise him he will be returning later than planned he is fired.
Needing to drown his sorrows, Harvey goes to an airport bar and sees Kate who is there having a solitary lunch.
Recognizing her from the day before, he apologizes for his rude behavior.
She initially resists the attention he is paying her but soon they're both glad to finally have an honest, genuine conversation with someone.
Harvey, feeling lonely and not wanting to stay in an hotel by the airport, follows Kate and joins her on the train to Paddington station.
He asks if he can walk her to her writing class on the South Bank.
She accepts his offer and is pleased when he offers to wait for her and meet her afterwards.
As they stroll along the South Bank River Thames, Harvey mentions he is missing Susan's wedding reception, and Kate urges him to go.
He finally relents, but only if she will accompany him.
Kate insists that she is not properly dressed for such an occasion, so Harvey buys her a dress and the two head to the Grosvenor House Hotel, where they are welcomed by Susan and squeezed in at two places on the children's table.
When 'the-father-of-the-bride' is called upon to make a toast, Brian rises and begins to speak but Harvey interrupts claiming his right as her biological father.
He then delivers a touching, eloquent speech that redeems him with his daughter and endears him to Kate.
Following the bride and groom's first wedding dance, the groom calls Harvey up to dance with his daughter.
He happily does so, and then all the guests join them on the dance floor.
Harvey is enjoying himself on the dance floor and Kate is left at the children's table, finding herself again in the same position as on the blind date.
She starts to feel socially awkward and out of place, alone in the room full of strangers.
Harvey is dancing and appears to have forgotten Kate.
She bears her feelings as long as she can and eventually quietly leaves.
Soon after Harvey returns to the table to find her gone.
Harvey, now looking for Kate, goes into the corridor and seeing her waiting for the elevator, he disappears into a side room where there is a piano and begins to softly play one of his own jazz compositions.
She hears the music and follows it, finding Harvey smiling and waiting for her.
He asks her to stay and return to the reception so he can dance her socks off.
She agrees and they have a great time together.
Following the reception, Harvey and Kate walk and talk through London until dawn.
Upon parting they exchange a single, gentle kiss and agree to meet at noon later that day.
Back at his hotel, Harvey experiences serious heart palpitations having had to use the stairs as both lifts are out of order.
He is taken to hospital.
Forced to stay over night for treatment he misses the appointment with Kate, who turned up as agreed and waited for him.
Upon being discharged the next day Harvey receives a call from his boss who has discovered that he needs Harvey to continue handling the account at work.
He urges Harvey to return to as soon as possible.
Harvey quits his job, deciding he prefers to remain in London and explore the possibility of a relationship with Kate.
He tracks down Kate's work number and calls her to explain but she refuses to take the call.
He goes looking for her at the airport and eventually tracks her down at her writing class.
He explains why he missed their rendezvous and tells her that he wants to stay in London and begin a relationship with her.
Overcautious about romance because of so much past emotional pain, Kate resists, but finally agrees to give things a chance to his suggestion that they see what the future might bring.
As they slowly stroll away along the South Bank, Harvey invites Kate to ask him the questions she would have asked him at the airport terminal, and this time, he happily answers, telling her his place of residence ".
is in transition".
A struggling painter Fred MacMurray takes a job as private secretary to a tough female advertising executive Rosalind Russell.
While working together to win the account of a tobacco company, they end up falling in love.
Eric Wainwright (Van Johnson), a busy impresario, is besieged by hordes of wannabe concert stars, eager for their big break.
One of them is Cynthia Potter (June Allyson), a talented pianist, but she can't get in to see him.
When she learns that Wainwright is auditioning young musicians for a children's concert tour, Cynthia dons braces and bobby sox and passes herself off as a child prodigy.
The film opens with us being introduced to the four main characters, Maura a down on her luck single mother, Molly her daughter as well as Freddie and his soon to be bride Sophie.
Freddie is remarrying Sophie after a recent divorce.
The reason for the divorce is not initially disclosed.
Meanwhile Maura is shown to be marrying an illegal immigrant Wilson for which she will receive €9,000.
Both weddings afters are being held in the same hotel where all 4 of the characters interact.
Maura is shown to be in debt and facing eviction from her house which lead her to the rash decision to marry Wilson.
While her daughter Molly is unaware of the scam and believes that her mother truly loves Wilson and she is getting a new father.
Freddie is shown to be a nice guy who has OCD esque habits while his bride Sophie is very image conscious and selfish.
Throughout the film Freddie and Maura's paths keep crossing, leading to Sophie wrongly assuming that the two are involved in an illicit affair.
To complicate matters two immigration officers arrive to the wedding reception to investigate Wilson and Maura.
Eventually Molly learns that her mother is involved in a scam and has no feelings for Wilson.
Due to continually seeing Freddie and Maura, Sophie believes her suspicions of an affair to be true and flees the wedding.
Sophie's dad a selfish bully, loses his cool and attempts to assault Freddie believing him to be at fault for his daughter's sudden disappearance.
Meanwhile Sophie is shown to be in Dublin in a pub with some working class girls who support her decision to run away as they believe Freddie to be a lecherous villain.
Sophie gets drunk with her new friend while Freddie is frantically trying to find her.
Freddie at the same time is trying to keep his marriage afloat.
Throughout the film it is insinuated that one of the reasons for the marriage breakdown originally was the bride's mental health.
However, it is revealed that Freddie had a nervous breakdown as he couldn't deal with Sophie.
Facing ruin and a pending divorce Freddie tries to kill himself by throwing himself off the top floor of the hotel.
However just as he is about to jump, Maura steps in and talks him down from the ledge of the hotel roof.
When he returns to the wedding both wedding parties have joined together and he meets a drunken returning Sophie.
They finally talk together and realise that their marriage is over and agree to part amicably.
Freddie realises he has feelings for Maura and chases after her.
Maura has left the hotel with Wilson and Molly.
Maura believes that Freddie has reunited with Sophie when he appears and convinces her otherwise.
They unite and kiss.
Maura then manages to convince the immigration detectives that her marriage to Wilson is real.
Wilson gives Maura her €9,000 euro and then leaves with his African girlfriend.
The film ends with Freddie uniting with Maura as Sophie leaves happily.
Sophie's bully father is taken away in a straight jacket for trying to kill Freddie with an axe.
Freddie and Maura decide to take Freddie's honeymoon together with Molly as the film ends.
The spurned lover Adonis (Vhong Navarro) has to win over Athena's only son, Atong (Makisig Morales), to court his single mom, Athena (Valerie Concepcion).
Atong decides the only kind of man good enough for his mother is a man with a big family.
Adonis' help from his friends to work in special effects to transformed into his pretending imaginary family in disguise: a spunky Lola and a wacky Black American to be able to win Athena’s heart to convince Atong that Adonis is good enough to win the love of his life.
Bong (Vhong Navarro) has liked Winona (Toni Gonzaga) since time immemorial but he never had the courage to pursue her.
Winona on the other hand, seems to be also showing interest in Bong, but he is too insensible to notice this.
One day, in the tenement Bong is managing for his Aunt Lolit, he receives the final notes from the recently deceased neighborhood Doctor.
Panying, Doc’s assistant, hands Bong his result an just hand out Winona’s.
He checks out his letter and sees that the results are all negative.
Bong is very healthy.
However, as he opens Winona’s envelope, fear drowns him because he knows about the so-called curse that all the women in Winona’s family die before 25.
Her mother died after giving birth at the age of 24, her older brother died of bangungot at age 21, her maternal aunt disappeared during Martial Law at 23, her grandmother died during World War II at age 20, her great grandmother is said that she died of drowning at age 18, her greatest grandmother died of malaria at age 22, he ancestor was devoured by a dinosaur at age 19.
Bong is aware that Winona is turning 25 soon and this letter might just confirm that curse.
He opens the letter and sees the result.
It is positive.
Winona has lupus and she will die soon.
Bong vows to make Winona’s last remaining days happy and perfect.
Bong goes through the whole montage of making life blissful for Winona.
Winona and Bong become a lot closer to each other.
They begin to fall in love.
When Winona turned 25, she didn’t die.
She found the letter sent by the hospital.
She discovers then that her results were all negative.
She got mad because Bong has been keeping it a secret ever since.
Bong tried to apologize.
But when Winona rejected his apology, he fainted and was hospitalized.
That time, Winona was so worried so he took care of Bong.
But one day he found out that he has a rare lung disease.
At first he was sad but he bece happy thinking that if Winona will die, he could die with her.
As he was trying to tell Winona the 'good news', Winona was so happy and told him that she is not dying.
The Doctor’s assistant made a mistake with his notes.
Winona was devastated after knowing that Bong is dying.
But despite all of this, Winona proposed to Bong.
They died in a acar accident after their marriage.
The Resurreccion's ancestral mansion is believed to have a portal to the other world.
Every quarter of a century, it must be opened by a chosen member of the clan, known as "The One", to enable stranded ghosts to cross over to the afterlife.
With no surviving clan member opening the portal in the past 100 years, ghosts have overcrowded the now-abandoned mansion.
Hesus Resurreccion (Vhong Navarro) is about to find out that he is The One but he is afraid of ghosts.
When he inherits the mansion, he wants to sell it immediately but it isn't that easy since people believe the mansion is haunted.
He totally freaks out when he learns that the people he sees in the mansion are all ghosts.
Hesus has no choice but to fulfill his mission as The One.
As he spends more time with the ghosts, he realizes that they are not scary at all and even enjoys their company.
In the end, Hesus got the key and opened the portal.
On a Friday evening, just before closing time Alain Coste is in his office and gets ready to leave, Claire, his PA, manages to stall him a couple of minutes, he goes out and she steals his keys just before he comes back for his jacket.
Claire calls Cécile Coste to report that Alain has left.
Alain goes to see Georges Colinet, his physician who tells him that he has tennis elbow and must have an operation.
Alain becomes very worried that this operation shall take his life despite all assurances to the contrary.
Later on Alain goes to a park and he starts a series of will projects that he dictates in a pocket tape recorder that he carries around, the first will distributes his assets 50/50% to his wife and children, 98% of his company shall go to his children and the remaining 2% to Claire and some moneys that he has in a Swiss bank-account shall go to the Fund for Cancer Research.
At home Cécile is worried that Alain is not back yet and assumes that the worst has happened (which she does all the time).
It is clear that she is preparing a surprise birthday party for Alain, her daughter Louise is there with her boyfriend Henry helping in the kitchen.
Police lights are visible from the kitchen and Cécile goes to the door, but it is Police Inspector Pascal Manise who arrives to drop his wife Agnès.
The doorbell rings, it is dr Colinet who arrives.
In the meantime Alain is lost in his own neighbourhood, he cannot find his house and comes close to having a car accident with Manise; when finally home he tells Cécile that he was late because he gave Claire a ride home.
The party begins and Rémy and Louise sing "Les roses blanches" to him instead of "Happy Birthday to You".
When Agnès congratulates Alain she says "may you have more days like this", which he takes as a dark omen.
Georges assures him that nothing is wrong with him and gives him back his keys to a chalet Alain owns in the nearby mountains, which he used for a romantic escapade.
When alone at the kitchen, Cécile confronts Alain and tells him that it is not true that he gave Claire a ride home and he then says that he actually had a car accident, as she is about to check out the car, Agnès faints; Alain uses that opportunity to create the "accident" that he had, which means hitting his Jaguar with a hammer.
Meanwhile Cécile has reached Manise over the phone and tells him that Agnès is sick.
He arrives and takes her away.
While waiting for Manise, Cécile sees that the car has not had the exhaust changed as Alain had said earlier.
The next day after a debate at school, Cécile asks Pascal to tail Alain because he is hiding something from her.
Manise tells her that it is preferable to be honest and ask her husband directly but she refuses.
Meanwhile in his office Alain has a sudden spasm and begins dictating his ever growing symptoms in his recorder, he leaves the office (which Claire reports to Cécile, who has been keeping a record of all his comings and goings) and goes to the park where he meets Louise, who tells her father that Henry dumped her because she cheated on him.
Manise is close by and all he sees is that Alain is meeting with a younger woman, but when he reports it to Cécile she recognizes her daughter and is relieved that there is not another woman.
At school Agnès is very worried because Manise had to arrest Jeanne, a colleague teacher and friend.
Manise asks Cécile to check the bank accounts for unusual charges, she does so despite Claire's warnings that Alain shall notice, they find nothing.
During lunch Alain is designing several gadgets on a table mat and Manise is drinking coffee, he leaves the bar and says goodbye to everyone at the bar in a very French fashion which catches Alain's attention.
Manise goes back to Alain's office and poses as a policeman from the financial branch, insinuating that Alain is involved in some questionable businesses, which Claire denies, however he manages to take a lock of Claire's hair without her noticing.
On his way out he crosses Alain who is puzzled to see him again and asks Clair who he was and she says that he was a copying-machine representative.
Alain sits at his desk and notices that things are not exactly where he left them and asks Claire to retrieve his newspaper, which he forgot at the bar.
When she leaves he redials the last phone and sees that Claire was not talking to her mother but to Cécile.
He also notices that Manise is still outside and manages to shake his tail, then he rushes home turning the house upside down looking for something and finds Cécile's notes on him, he changes his will: nothing for Cécile or Claire, all for the children with a warning not to trust their mother.
That night Cécile goes to Manise's place to confront him about scaring Claire, she does not know that Alain is following her.
Manise however, notices that Alain is close by and makes it look as if Cécile is having an affair with him and asks her to take him to the police station.
Manise also reveals that Agnès is addicted to drugs and that the day of the party she fainted due to withdrawal syndrome.
Before they can leave Alain is assaulted by thugs.
Alain then goes to Claire's and forces a confession from her.
Alain goes back home and tells Cécile that he must go to Paris for a couple of days.
The next day Cécile drops Alain at the train station but he comes out a few seconds later to take a taxi, however Manise is still tailing him.
While in the taxi Alain changes his will again: the money for the Cancer Research is diminished.
The taxi driver tells Alain that he is being followed and manages to lose Manise again, but Manise finds the taxi driver and shows him his badge.
Meanwhile at the hospital Alain tells Georges about the person who is tailing him but Georges reassures him, Alain changes his will: the money for the Cancer Research fund is increased.
As he gets an anesthetic shot from Georges' nurse who turns out to be the lover that he took to the chalet, looks out the window and sees Manise talking to dr Colinet in the parking lot.
He flees but no taxi shall take him.
As Cécile is about to enter the school where she works, Manise tells her that Alain did not take the train to Paris and ventures that he is probably in a hotel with someone else.
Cécile goes to the school and finds that everyone is celebrating Jeanne's release from prison.
Agnès asks if she can borrow her car and if she can use the chalet, Cécile angrily accepts.
Meanwhile Alain has managed to get on the countryside by foot and calls for Claire to help him.
When she arrives the anaesthetic has kicked in and Alain lies unconscious in the middle of the field, Claire manages to wake him up.
As they drive to the chalet Alain again drops asleep and drives off the road while drawing conclusions on the "plot" against his life, he finally wakes up and steps out of the car, he changes his will again: Claire gets her inheritance back.
When backing up to the main road, Alain spots his wife's car with another car behind her.
He follows and hears a man inside his chalet singing in Italian.
He then assumes that his wife is connected to the Mafia and are plotting to kill him because of some of his inventions, Claire does not see the "connection".
Meanwhile dr Colinet has reported Alain's disappearance to Manise.
Alain and Claire go to the police but see Manise and dr Colinet walking out of the station together and conclude that they are together in the plot with his wife.
Alain and Claire go to ther place, with Manise on their tail.
She tells him that he must do something, but by then his paranoia has kicked in and he has begun adding up facts into a big scheme to kill him, which also involves his children, based on the song that they sang to him at his birthday and the changes that they made to fit him (the song involves the story of a poor boy who has to steal flowers for his dying mother in the hospital, only to find that when he finally arrives, she is already dead), Alain changes his will again: all goes to Claire.
As they talk, enters Vincent, Claire's boyfriend and an employee of Alain's who is back home due to a working accident, but Alain does not believe him since the prescription is signed by dr Georges Colinet, thus Vincent is in the plot too.
Cécile comes back home and finds that Louise has moved back in, when she discovers the reason (Louise had cheated on her boyfriend and he dumped her) she is so angry that she slaps her daughter and also draws a conclusion that Agnès is the one having an affair with Alain.
She picks Agnès at the street and drives up to the chalet but finds that a man named Pierre is there and it seems that Agnès' story is true.
Cécile confronts Georges about the truth related to her husband's whereabouts but he does not betray anything and acts surprised when she tells him that Alain is not in Paris.
Alain has interrogated Vincent and although he does not get a confession, he ties Vincent to Claire's bed.
They go to Alain's place where he connects his recording machine to the telephone to spy on Cécile, he is discovered by Louise who then agrees to call him if anything strange happens related to Cécile.
During this conversation it is revealed that the only reason that his children sang "Les roses blanches" to him is because he sang that song all the time regardless of the occasion, because it was the only one he knew.
Cécile arrives home and has another fight with Louise.
She spends the night crying and close to dawn Manise tells her that Alain is at Claire's.
As they leave, Cécile notices that her car is gone but asks Manise not the release a police notice on it, she assumes that her daughter took it.
They go to Claire's but cannot find Alain.
As they leave, Claire asks Vincent to follow them, Manise notices it and beats Vincent, thinking he is one of a drug dealer's thugs who have been following him.
Back in his car he tells Cécile that he is being blackmailed by Agnès' dealer, Cécile asks him to take her to her chalet, where she confronts Pierre, she believes that he is the drug dealer, he tells her that Manise is a wife beater.
As they are about to leave, Manise tells Cécile that he is in love with her.
She becomes very angry and slaps him and explodes with all her cruelty to him and leaves.
Meanwhile, Alain is taking Vincent to the hospital but when he sees dr Colinet, he goes bezerk and crashes Vincent into the wall and beats Georges until the orderlies finally stop him.
After he is restrained Alain gets a call from Louise, Cécile has not shown up for work, he calls the police, Manise goes back for Cécile and they go to her house.
Alain finally reveals the reason for his secrecy and she is more at ease but not before she consults with Georges about the real gravity of his situation, a conversation that is spied by Alain through the window.
Two stylish people, Karl and Louise (a married woman), fall in love at a country club dance on Samolo, a south Pacific island.
They spend the night planning their future, and Karl, who is in the shipping business, asks Louise to go to Australia with him, although she prefers South Africa.
Her husband, Hubert, pleads with her to leave with him, asking how she knows she is in love.
She replies by singing: "We were dancing/And the music and the lights were enhancing/our desire".
Hubert departs with his sister Clara, asking Karl to make Louise happy.
In the cold light of morning, when they are tired and hungry, Karl and Louise realise that that love has died, and they are strangers and have nothing in common.
Even when they dance together, the passion is gone.
With sadness, they go their separate ways.
Songwriter Terry Trindale is attracted to Consuelo Croyden, a woman he sees nightly at a Palm Beach casino.
He finally works up the courage to approach her and express his feelings, but she rebuffs his advances.
When he later accrues a $3,200 gambling debt to her, Consuelo agrees to hire him as her secretary to work off what he owes her.
One of Terry's duties is to assume the role of her fiancé in order to discourage the insistent attention of Tony Barling, to whom Consuelo once was engaged, and to keep her from succumbing to her former beau's charms.
Tony refuses to believe she loves someone else and, when he recognizes Terry from the casino, his suspicions are aroused, despite Terry's outward displays of affection for Consuelo.
Tony convinces her to join him on a friend's yacht, but Terry reminds her of his responsibility and keeps her from going.
Four weeks later, Consuelo finds herself still saddled with Terry, who has refused to accompany his songwriting partner Chappie Champagne to New York City to promote their latest tune.
Consuelo insists she no longer has any interest in Tony and offers to cancel the rest of Terry's debt so he can join Chappie.
Terry departs, and moments later Consuelo receives a call from Tony and invites him to the house.
Instead it is Terry, who had disguised his voice, who arrives, and he berates Consuelo for her lack of self-control.
Complications arise when Tony actually does arrive on the scene and finds Terry, wearing Consuelo's satin pajamas, in bed.
When Terry refuses to admit the truth, an angered Tony departs for his hotel, Consuelo follows, and Terry is not far behind.
The two men engage in a brawl and eventually are arrested.
During their hearing on charges of disturbing the peace and assaulting a police officer, Chappie arrives with money from the sale of their song to pay for Terry's fine.
Tony proposes to Consuelo, but she realizes she's in love with Terry, who is arrested for grand larceny when he arrives at the airport with Chappie.
The bogus charge, brought by Consuelo in order to stop Terry from leaving, is dropped, and the two embrace.
As described in a film magazine, Richard (Kerry) and Paul (Ford), two business partners, are about to shipwreck on the financial rocks when Richard reminds Paul that his uncle could help them out as Paul is his heir.
Uncle Batiste (Steppling) is at that time on the way to New York City as he is dangerously ill and desires to see Paul.
Batiste is a bachelor and wants to see Paul a happy benedict.
When he arrives he tells Paul that if he were married that he would be happy to provide all the money needed for the business.
Richard's bride (Talmadge) has a bright idea and decides to make the uncle believe that she is Paul's wife instead of Richard's.
She locks Richard in the bathroom while she goes into the parlor to hoodwink the uncle.
Paul is speechless over the situation but his need for money persuades him to be a party to the deception, given that it will only be necessary to do this for a few hours.
However, the uncle is so happy with the bride that he decides to stay for a month, and returns with his trained nurse, who turns out to be Paul's boyhood sweetheart, the girl he has never been able to forget.
After several complications, only a confession can clear the trouble.
Jenny (KC Concepcion) is an unpretentious mall promodizer searching for true love.
A hopeless romantic, her quest leads her to Benjie (Richard Gutierrez), a cargo pilot who offers her the love she truly yearns.
An unlikely romance begins when she hitches a ride with Benjie to attend a wedding in Palawan.
On board, they openly show their dislike for each other but when the aircraft crashes in an unknown island, the two turn to each other for comfort and eventually absolve their differences.
The film opens atB.
Merlin & Son's department store on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
Polly Parish (Reynolds) works in the Millinery Department, and she is summoned to the office of the store manager where she is fired.
The manager informs her that she is overselling hats, which creates too many returns and too much work for the accounting department.
After work, Polly walks home and wonders what she will do to make ends meet.
On a step, she encounters an abandoned baby in a blanket and instinctively picks it up to comfort it.
As she bends over, the door behind the step opens and a woman ushers Polly and the baby inside.
Polly has not noticed the sign that indicates the door belongs to an orphanage.
When she denies the baby is hers inside, the staff disbelieve her, having experienced countless women ashamed to admit that they bore a child out of wedlock.
Polly explains that she has just lost her job atB Merlin & Son's and insists there is no way that she will care for a baby that is not hers.
After she leaves, the head of the orphanage decides to intervene on her behalf, knowing the Merlins to be charitable.
He convinces the firm to hire Polly back, and she is summoned to a meeting with Dan Merlin (Fisher) the son of the titular owner.
Dan informs her that she will be hired back at $10 more per week and that a gift will be delivered to her apartment later that night.
When the baby arrives, Polly is flabbergasted.
She convinces a friend to help her deliver the baby back to Dan at his home on East 63rd Street.
They leave the baby in the care of Dan's butler, whom Dan enlists to help him return the baby to Polly.
They track her down to a dance hall where she is hoping to win a prize.
Eddie gets into a scuffle and gets thrown out.
So he goes to Polly's apartment and waits for her there with the baby.
Forced to care for the baby, Polly makes do and grows fond of him.
She names the child John, and Dan checks in on her from time to time.
On New Year's Eve, Dan is stood up by his date, because he had forgotten to call her earlier.
He arranges for Polly's landlady to watch John while they go out together.
He takes her to the department store to get an outfit for a night out on the town.
When he drops her off back at home, he jokes that she is fired so that he can kiss her.
Meanwhile,B.
Merlin has been misinformed that he is a grandfather, mistaking John to be Dan's son.
He begins to make arrangements for Dan to have full custody of the child.
Polly panics at the thought of losing John.
So she pretends that her landlady's son is John's real father.
The ensuing confusion leads to a full confession of love from Dan and a happy union for the new family.
A Seattle morning show weather girl, after learning her boyfriend has cheated on her, freaks out on-air and quits.
Forced to move in with her little brother and to cope with being 35, single and unemployed, she begins an unlikely romance with a younger man—her brother's best friend, Byron.
The film tells the story of a young servant girl (Marlene Dietrich) who works at Hotel Imperial.
One day, she falls in love with a known customer who turns out be a soldier (Charles Boyer), locally known as the ultimate ladies man.
Two relationships in North London simultaneously draw to a close.
Jed, a journalist is living with his long-term girlfriend, Cheryl, with the couple regularly seeing Jed's best friend Marcus and his girlfriend, Sophie.
Compared to Marcus and Sophie, Jed and Cheryl's relationship is tired and dysfunctional which Jed tries to put right by suggesting marriage.
When he asks her, Cheryl turns him down because of the lack of romantic chemistry in their relationship.
In the meantime, Jed is preparing to interview the pretentious French film writer/director, Thierry Grimandi.
Grimandi, who lives and works on the basis that he considers himself lucky "firstly because I am French, secondly because I make movies, and thirdly because I understand love" is shown regularly to give us the benefit of his advice.
Jed and Cheryl turn to a relationship counseller but when asked if he loves Cheryl, Jed can't bring himself to say "Yes", and instead covers up by saying of course, he "loves her TO BITS".
Cheryl is unimpressed as Jed cannot declare his love without adding a qualification, and as they begin to drift apart, she rediscovers the pleasures of being more independent.
Jed looks to his friend, Marcus for help and for advice from Grimandi who tries to school him in the French philosophy of love.
The scenes as Jed travels around London on his bicycle cleverly give the city an appearance of Paris.
In the meantime, Marcus meets an old girlfriend, keen on travel, rediscovering his youth and finding that the flame between them burns as brightly as ever.
He resolves to leave Sophie and go away with his old flame.
Jed has long liked Sophie without realising that he was falling in love with her and even when Marcus and his new love leave London on the Eurostar to Paris, Jed lacks the courage to tell Sophie of his true feelings, even though she is aware of them herself.
We see Jed undertaking the on-stage interview with Thierry Grimandi, for which he has been preparing and only then does he begin to understand his own feelings as he listens to the film director's pontifications.
Jed rushes off to see Sophie, who greets him warmly, whilst we see Cheryl enjoying her new independence.
We are left to assume that all live happily ever after.
Simon Axler is a famed sexagenarian stage actor who suddenly and inexplicably loses his gift.
His weak attempts at portraying Prospero and Macbeth on stage at the Kennedy Center in Washington,C, lead to poor reviews, sending Axler into a profound depression and causing him to give up acting and contemplate suicide with a shotgun he keeps in his attic.
His wife, Victoria, a former ballerina, is unable to deal with Axler's depression and moves to California, where their son lives.
Axler checks himself into a psychiatric hospital on the advice of his physician and stays there for 26 days.
In the hospital, Axler meets another patient, Sybil Van Buren, who tells him about catching her second husband sexually abusing her young daughter.
She expresses shame at not immediately reporting her husband or removing him from the home and admits to attempting suicide.
Sybil asks Axler whether he would be willing to kill her husband and he tells her he fears he would "botch the job".
Months after his stint in the hospital, Axler's agent, Jerry Oppenheim, visits him at his upstate New York home to tell him about an offer to play James Tyrone in Long Day's Journey into Night.
Axler refuses, fearing another failure.
In the fan mail Oppenheim brings, Axler finds a letter from Sybil, thanking him for listening to her problems in the hospital.
She says she did not recognize him at the time but decided to write him after catching one of his old movies on TV.
Pegeen Mike Stapleford, the 40-year-old daughter of two actors he performed with around the time she was born, pays Axler a visit at his house.
Pegeen has just moved nearby to work as a professor at a Vermont women's college after ending a six-year relationship with a woman who decided to undergo sex reassignment surgery to become a man.
Pegeen's job was secured after she slept with the school's "smitten" dean, Louise Renner.
Simon and Pegeen begin an affair despite Pegeen's having lived as a lesbian for the previous 17 years.
Louise is furious that Pegeen has broken off their relationship and begins stalking her.
Months later, Louise calls Pegeen's parents in Lansing, Michigan, to tell them that their daughter is now sleeping with Axler.
Pegeen is distressed that her parents have learned about the relationship she wanted kept secret.
Her father, Asa, tells her he disapproves because of the age difference but Simon suspects he merely envies his professional success.
Asa directs community theater in Michigan.
Axler reads in the local newspaper that Sybil has shot and killed her estranged husband.
He contacts Sybil's sister and offers to help with her murder defense.
One night, Pegeen "offers" Axler a 19-year-old college student of her acquaintance named Lara.
Lara becomes a fantasy of his and a character in Pegeen's sexual role-playing.
Soon after, while Axler and Pegeen are dining out, he notices Tracy, a young woman getting drunk at the restaurant bar, and they take her home for a threesome.
Afterward, Axler asks her why she agreed to go home with them, and she admits she recognized him as a famous actor.
After this adventure, Axler feels rejuvenated and decides he wants to perform in Long Day's Journey after all.
He also decides that he wants to father a child with Pegeen and visits a fertility specialist without telling her.
Two weeks later, Pegeen ends their relationship, telling Axler she "made a mistake".
He accuses her of leaving him to be with Tracy and believes Pegeen's parents have turned her against him.
He calls her parents, shouting at them in an angry tirade.
After the call, Axler kills himself with his shotgun.
A popular actress (Shelly) and a rock star (McNeil) come to a small Canadian town with two competing hotels next door to each other.
The rock star is escorted into one of the hotels and the actress checks into the other.
Daniel (Duncan), the owner of one of the two hotels, is trying to stay afloat.
The other hotel owner, Mark (Thompson), is trying to steal away Daniel's business and his fiancee (Huffman).
The paparazzi arrives in town and makes everybody wonder, who is sleeping with whom.
A wealthy Jewish homosexual film producer is making a film based on Puccini's opera Tosca and a famous German diva is cast opposite a difficult English actor.
As filming gets under way on a sound stage in Rome, World War II in 1939 escalates around them threatening the film's completion.
The movie centers around a Jay Brooks (Montgomery), a black man who vows to give up dating white women in favor of dating black women, only to fall in love with a bi-racial woman.
In 1913, spinster Miss Bentley (Vanessa Redgrave) enjoyed spending her summer holiday in Lake Como, Italy, with her father before World War The year is now 1937, and her father has recently died.
To clear the air, she returns to Lake Como on her own to spend a month's summer holiday.
She meets a bachelor named Major Wilshaw (Edward Fox) and becomes interested in him.
But a young American girl named Miss Beaumont (Uma Thurman) arrives and flirts with the major.
After a long humbling year temping as a traffic cop on a studio lot, Jody is faced with the hard decision of taking the only well-paying industry job she has yet been offered — editing porn at Grind Productions, a profitable adult film company run by former porn star Irene Fox (Kristen Johnston).
At first horrified by the prospect of exposing herself to the cockroaches of the film industry, not to mention the effect it would have on her strict Jewish parents, Jody has a remarkable change of heart when she realizes that Grind has all the facilities she needs to make her own low budget movie — on the sly of course — but things get complicated when Jody meets Jeff Drake (Matthew Davis), the charming Herr Director of adult films.
Jeff, also an award-winning filmmaker, once had his own dreams of making "real" films, but now is a hard-worn cynic who masks his disappointment behind a façade of irony.
In Jody, he sees the idealism he once had, while Jody starts to face her own sexual hang-ups as she begins to get aroused by the porn she so harshly judges.
Jody and Jeff get close to each other, but she gets hurt when she sees him making out with one of his actresses, Sindi, who was actually taking advantage of Jeff in his drunken state.
The movie made by Jody is well received by critics, and Jeff is also nominated for an AVN Award for his movie.
Jody wants to set things right with him; she accepts help from Bliss, the lead actress in both Jody's and Jeff's movies, but with different identities, and pretends to be her to gain entry at an award function.
On stage, when Jeff receives his award, he announces his retirement from the Adult Industry to move on.
Jeff calls Bliss for special thanks.
He realizes that Jody is in disguise as Bliss, and they kiss.
Jennifer Verti (Melissa Joan Hart), has spent all of her savings buying her first house and all of her belongings have recently been stolen while trying to move into her new house.
Vince is a ladies' man and a gambler, and owes money to a debt collector known as "The Monkey" (real name is Eugene).
They meet at a wedding, initially Jennifer dislikes Vince and begins to predict what kind of person he is, and as a result, he dislikes her.
However they talk about weddings and are amazed by the cash and gifts a couple get, and consider how easy it would be get that kind of income.
When Jennifer loses all her belongings along with the stolen moving van, she arranges to meet Vince for lunch and to suggest a fake romance and engagement, which he is very interested in going along with.
When her brother in law decides to sleep over at the hospital, Jennifer agrees to take their two children for the night.
As the day progresses, Jennifer finds herself noticing how well Vince does with the kids.
At nighttime, when the young boy asks Vince when he and his sister will get to go home, Vince, trying to make a joke, replies "never".
The young boy starts to scream and Jennifer comes to calm him down and has the boy tell her a bedtime story.
After the kids have fallen asleep, Vince goes to sleep in Jennifer's room on an air mattress which then springs a leak.
She invites him to sleep on top of the covers on her bed, but the two just can't keep their hands off each other.
Just as they are really getting into it, they hear a knock on the door and Jennifer's niece announces that she doesn't feel well and vomits on the floor.
The young boy then reveals to Vince that he won't be going to college because all of his and his sister's college money is being used to pay for the wedding.
Vince realizes that this has gone too far and goes to see his father.
His father had recently hit it big at the race track and owed Vince some money.
Vince's father pays him six-thousand dollars.
Instead of paying off his loan to "The Monkey", he uses the money to finance the wedding.
He then tells the kids, "Looks like you're gonna have to go to college after all".
With Jennifer's feelings beginning to become confused, she begins to feel the weight of how important her marriage actually is to her family.
At the wedding rehearsal, Jennifer's sister gives a heart felt speech, which drives Jennifer to leave the room.
She confesses to Vince that she can't go through with this and can't marry a man who doesn't love her.
Vince then reminds her of all that's at stake and she reluctantly agrees to go through with the wedding.
At the wedding, Jennifer's sister gives Vince the wedding vows that Jennifer has written for him.
Vince then writes his wedding vows and gives them to the sister.
As Vince and the groomsmen wait for Jennifer, she tries to tell her father that it's all a hoax and she can't go through with it.
Her father keeps interrupting her and tells her how much he loves who she is and how he knows Vince will be a great husband.
She reluctantly walks down the aisle and the preacher begins the sermon.
As the preacher speaks, he talks about why two people get married, and when he mentions, "Some just want all the gifts," the two look at each other and laugh nervously while the rest of the congregation is laughing.
When the preacher gives them a chance to read the vows, Vince begins to read the vows she wrote for him, but tears them up and speaks from the heart instead.
This culminates in him telling her he really does love her.
Marvin Payne (Stewart) is a World War II army air force veteran trying to make it on a shoe-string with a startup air-freight business.
On an overnight stay in New York he has the misfortune of being roomed next to the reluctant bride Dee Dee Dillwood (Fontaine) and her rather formal husband Henry Benson.
A ruckus causes Payne to become enmeshed in the world of Miss Dillwood.
Hiding from her husband, Payne assumes the rather vague Miss Dillwood is a penniless country girl come to the city, who has descended to sleeping with married men to get by.
He grudgingly agrees to give her a lift out of town and encourages her to go back to her parents.
All the while Payne does not realize that Miss Dillwood is independently wealthy, and the married man she was to sleep with was the man she had just exchanged vows with that afternoon.
Meanwhile, Payne's fellow veteran and co-pilot, Bullets Baker (Albert) encourages Payne to relax and enjoy life.
His encouragements to join him and a couple of young ladies for a few laughs fall on deaf ears.
It is with great surprise than that Baker finds a girl in the straight-laced Payne's room the following morning.
A rough and tumble flight across country result in a number of surprises, not the least of which is that Marvin discovers he cares for the tag-along Miss Dillwood.
Verona De Tessant (Maya Rudolph) and Burt Farlander (John Krasinski) are in their early thirties and struggling to meet daily needs and build fulfilling lives.
When they learn they will soon become parents, they are confronted with the challenge of how – and where – to raise a child and build a happy family.
Six months into Verona's pregnancy, the couple visit their only family in the area, Burt's parents, Gloria and Jerry (Catherine O'Hara and Jeff Daniels), only to find that Gloria and Jerry have decided to move to Antwerp, Belgium, a month before the baby is due.
They also announce that they will be gone for two years and they have already rented the place out to another couple, despite Burt's and Verona's situation.
Frustrated with Gloria and Jerry's selfishness and careless attitude, Burt and Verona decide this is an opportunity to find somewhere else to raise their family, since they are both employed in situations where they can work from home and live wherever they choose.
They first visit Phoenix, Arizona, meeting up with Verona's old boss, Lily (Allison Janney), her husband, Lowell (Jim Gaffigan), and their two children.
Burt in particular is disturbed by Lily and Lowell's crass and mean-spirited behavior toward one another and their children.
Burt and Verona next visit Verona's sister, Grace (Carmen Ejogo), in Tucson, Arizona.
At Verona's request, Burt tries to persuade Grace to stay with her boring boyfriend.
When Burt takes a call and displays his trademark humor, Grace tells Verona that she is lucky to have him and Verona agrees.
They next visit Burt's childhood friend and pseudo-cousin in Madison, Wisconsin, "LN" (pronounced "ellen") (Maggie Gyllenhaal), a college professor with inherited money and radical views about parenting.
Burt and Verona bring a stroller as a gift, greatly angering LN as she and her husband Roderick (Josh Hamilton) are a "continuum home".
When Roderick's condescension and LN's backhanded compliments to Verona get to be too much for Burt, he tells them they are horrible people and he and Verona leave but not before taking their son on a wild stroller ride through the house (which he enjoys).
Burt and Verona then visit old college friends in Montreal, Tom (Chris Messina) and his wife, Munch Garnett (Melanie Lynskey), and their diverse family of adopted children.
Verona and Burt are happy to have found a loving family and a nice town and decide to move to Montreal.
After dinner, Tom confesses to Burt that Munch has recently suffered her fifth miscarriage and that they seem unable to have biological children.
In the morning, Burt receives an emergency call from his brother, Courtney (Paul Schneider), in Miami, whose wife has left him.
Burt and Verona fly to Miami, where Courtney worries about his young daughter and the potential effects of a divorce on her.
Burt tries to comfort Courtney while Verona spends time with his daughter.
Burt and Verona spend the night outside on a trampoline, promising to love each other and their daughter and have a happy home.
The next day, Verona tells Burt a story about her childhood house and her parents (who were both killed when she was 23).
Moved by her memory, they decide to settle in Verona's old family home.
Realizing it is the place for them, they sit together happily, overlooking the water.
Estlin is a journalist in New York City, fresh out of college and ready to make a difference in an all-too cynical world.
He struggles with defining career and relationships, and after his best friend Brooke moves away, finds himself falling for Sophie, a downtown photographer.
Estlin must confront whether his dogged pursuit of truth helps or hinders his attempt to find a place in the world.
In 1861, Countess Angelina, ruler of Bergamo in southeastern Europe, marries Mario, a baron she has known since childhood.
When the castle is threatened by Hungarian hussars led by Colonel Teglash on their wedding night, Mario flees.
At midnight, the paintings in the ancestral gallery come to life, and their subjects ask Francesca, Angelina's great-great-great-great-grandmother who looks exactly like Countess Angelina, to save the castle just as she did in the 16th century.
Through a spyglass, Francesca observes Teglash leading the advancing army and finds herself attracted to him.
When he sees her portrait, Teglash is puzzled by the fact she is wearning an ermine coat but no shoes.
Angelina greets Teglash, who flirts with her when he learns her bridegroom has escaped, but she makes it clear she respects her marriage vows and is concerned about her husband's safety.
Angelina's servant Luigi, seeing how smitten the colonel is with his mistress, tells Teglash how three hundred years earlier, Francesca retained control of the castle when a tyrannical duke attempted to seize it.
Via flashback, we see her, barefoot and in ermine, present herself to the duke and accompany him into his tent.
After a period of time, Francesca departs, leaving the duke, with a dagger in his back, lying dead on his bed.
Luigi tells the colonel that, according to rumor, she killed the duke because she feared she was falling in love with him.
Disguised as a gypsy, Mario returns to the castle but runs off when soldiers come to investigate.
When he is captured, Teglash, unaware of his identity but impressed by his musical ability, decides to spare Mario's life and make him his personal gypsy.
When he realizes he is Angelina's husband, he offers to free him if she dines with him that night, but she fails to rendezvous with him.
Francesca visits Teglash while he is asleep, prompting a dream in which Angelina joins him for dinner and demands a kiss.
While she embraces him, she removes a knife from a roast pig and throws it at the clock, effectively stopping time.
The two acknowledge their love and, as the gallery portraits look on, they fly up and crash through the roof.
The following morning, Teglash awakens to find the knife still in the pig and the clock ticking.
Angelina arrives, and Teglash tells her he is freeing her husband and then describes his dream, touching her with his obvious deep feelings for her.
When Mario arrives, she assures him she had nothing to do with the colonel.
Time passes, but Teglash still mourns the loss of Angelina.
One night, while he is asleep, she arrives and falls asleep in a chair near his bed.
Teglash revisits his prior dream, but this time the knife falls from the clock and Angelina stabs him with it.
He awakens with a start and finds Angelina, who tells him Mario has left her and proposes they wed.
That night at midnight, the portraits come to life once again to celebrate their union with song and dance.
At last, the newly crowned King of Denmark, Edvard, and his wife and Queen, dr Paige Morgan, find time to fly to Belavia for their secret honeymoon.
They spend their Christmas holidays at a ski resort, but as they take a tour of Belavia's natural beauty, Eddie and Paige discover that the evil Prime Minister Polonius has given orders to bulldoze the precious forests to drill for oil.
Paige and Eddie decide they must do everything they can to save the forest, even if it means putting aside their honeymoon.
Then, the couple bump into Paige's ex-boyfriend, Scott, a journalist.
Eddie immediately becomes jealous.
Even though Edvard suspects Scott cannot be trusted, Eddie and Paige ask him for help with the media to try and stop the minister's evil plans.
Scott, however, is being controlled by the evil minister, who tells him to spy on the couple.
Scott tries to back out, but fails.
Eddie tries to get an audience with the prince of Belavia, but fails, so he and Paige go to the Holiday Ball.
Meanwhile, Scott tries to kiss Paige and says he is sorry he let her go.
Disgusted, Paige walks away and goes to find Eddie, only to find him drunk.
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies takes place in 19th century England where a zombie virus has spread across the country.
Those with the zombie virus are called the "stricken", "sorry stricken", "un-dead", "unmentionables", or "zombies".
The presence of the zombies adds a horror element to its fiction genre.
The protagonist of the story is Miss Elizabeth Bennet, a young woman living with her parents, mr and mrs Bennet, and her four sisters.
mr Bennet trains his daughters in martial arts and weapons training, eventually molding them into a capable zombie-fighting army.
Meanwhile, mrs Bennet endeavors to obtain wealthy and high status husbands for her daughters.
Seeing an opportunity to achieve her goal, mrs Bennet sends her daughters to a local ball where a wealthy bachelor, Charles Bingley, is expected to make an appearance.
At the ball, mr Bingley and the eldest Bennet daughter, Jane, make a connection in the midst of a chaotic zombie attack.
During this time, Elizabeth meets Fitzwilliam Darcy, mr Bingley's closest friend/zombie killer.
As time passes, mr Bingley and Jane become more acquainted with one another.
However, this companionship leaves the Bennet girls confused when mr Bingley & Co.
suddenly abandon Netherfield Park.
When the local militia arrives in town to exhume and destroy dead bodies, Elizabeth becomes friendly with one of the soldiers, George Wickham, who claims that Darcy cheated Wickham out of an inheritance.
Elizabeth's dislike for Darcy intensifies when she learns that he plotted to separate Bingley from her sister, Jane.
Elizabeth vows to avenge the separation of her family by killing Darcy, and she is afforded that opportunity when he appears unannounced at a cottage where she is visiting her newlywed friend Charlotte.
Before Elizabeth can fetch her katana and behead him, Darcy surprises her by proposing marriage.
In this scene, they break out into a verbal and physical fight, in which Darcy is wounded.
He escapes with his life and writes a long letter to Elizabeth explaining his actions.
He separated Jane and Bingley out of fear that Jane had contracted the "mysterious plague".
In regards to the allegedly wronged soldier Wickham, Darcy explains that Wickham attempted to elope with Darcy's younger sister to take her considerable fortune – this was the "inheritance" that Wickham had claimed.
Elizabeth realizes that she has judged Darcy too harshly and is humbled.
Darcy realizes that his demeanor encourages people to believe the rumors about him and resolves to act more appropriately.
Elizabeth embarks on a trip around the country with her aunt and uncle, fighting zombies along the way.
At Pemberley she encounters Darcy, who repels a horde of zombies.
Darcy's changed attitude and manners impress Elizabeth and lead her to consider reconciling their relationship.
However, that deliberation is crushed when her younger sister Lydia elopes with Wickham in London.
The Bennet family fears the worst when they receive word that Wickham and Lydia have married, following an "accident" that has left Wickham as a quadriplegic.
After visiting the Bennets, the couple moves to Ireland.
Elizabeth eventually discovers that it was Darcy who engineered the union, thus saving the Bennet family from ruin.
Darcy and Bingley return to the countryside, and Bingley resumes courting Jane.
Elizabeth hopes to renew her relationship with Darcy, but his aunt, the Lady Catherine, interferes and insists that her daughter Anne is a better match for her nephew.
Lady Catherine challenges Elizabeth to a duel, committed to eliminating the competition, but Elizabeth defeats her.
Elizabeth spares Catherine's life.
Darcy is touched by this gesture and returns to Elizabeth.
They then marry and begin a long and happy future together, insofar as the ever-present threat of zombie apocalypse permits.
Ceghe (Cremonini) and Berni (Fasolo) are close friends who are both uneasily transitioning into their adult lives.
They meet Laura (Stella) one evening at a nightclub, and the three rapidly become a close group who share "a perfect love".
However, romantic impulses between Laura and each of the two men eventually threaten to tear the old friends apart.
As this scenario unfolds, Ceghe becomes aware of a lucrative opportunity to sell a valuable item possessed by guests of the hotel run by his parents.
The circumstances and risks of the opportunity are unclear, but Ceghe becomes increasingly determined to make a fortune by stealing and selling the item.
The novel is set in Florence at the end of the Second World War.
The story follows the escapades of a Florentine mechanic, a local "Don Giovanni," who romances several women simultaneously and secretly.
His multiple relationships come to the women's attention, and they conceive a plot to punish the mechanic for his behavior.
The film follows Charlyne as she embarks on a quest across America to make a documentary about a subject she does not understand: love.
As she and her good friend (and director) Nick search for answers and advice about love, Charlyne talks with friends, strangers, scientists, bikers, romance novelists, and children.
They each offer diverse views on modern romance, as well as various answers to the age-old question: does true love really exist.
Shortly after filming begins, Charlyne meets a boy after her own heart: Michael Cera.
As their relationship develops on camera, her pursuit to discover the nature of love takes on a fresh new urgency.
The story begins with Rob entering his bedroom, and attempting to masturbate with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich (similar to the apple pie scenario in the first film).
While he is doing this his dog, Frizzie, tries to eat the sandwich, and Rob's little brother Cody takes a video of him receiving this unwanted sexual gratification.
Later, Rob meets with his friends, Nathan and Marshall Lube, at school.
Nathan reveals that his girlfriend, Dana, has pledged to abstain from sex until marriage despite the fact that she has already slept with six other people.
Rob talks to Heidi, a girl he is attracted to, and Stifler.
Stifler states that if Rob doesn't make a move on Heidi, he will.
In class, Lube has a vivid fantasy about a group of cheerleaders, particularly one named Ashley.
Rob and Heidi meet later in the school library where she discloses that she is a virgin, and wishes to just "get it [sex] over with".
At the school dance, Nathan tries to get to second base with Dana, but only manages to offend her due to her abstinence pledge.
Rob attempts to tell Heidi how he feels about her but is interrupted by Nathan and Lube.
He eventually finds her in the library about to have sex with another student, and drops a lit candle in a bin in shock.
This sets the library on fire, which sets off the water sprinklers.
The next day, when Rob and Heidi are cleaning the library, Rob finds a secret compartment containing 'The Bible' (The Book of Love).
He shows the book to his friends Nathan and Lube and explains that it is a sex manual that has been compiled over forty years by the students who found it.
The book is regarded as legendary, but unfortunately has been damaged by the water.
Later in the local mall, Rob attempts to test a tip in the book; 'Simple Flattery'.
He approaches Ashley in a lingerie store and complements her.
Ashley leads him into a changing room, takes off her bra and top, and makes him steal a bra for her.
Unfortunately Rob is caught and forced to pay for the bra with his mom's credit card.
Meanwhile, Nathan goes to Dana's church service to talk to her, but accidentally broadcasts the explicit and highly personal conversation to the entire congregation on the church's PA system.
Dana's father then bans Dana from seeing Nathan.
When she receives her credit card bill, Rob's mom tries to talk to him about buying underwear, prompting Rob to sarcastically say that he likes wearing women's underwear.
He is again filmed by his little brother, who again posts the footage on the internet for the whole school to see.
The next day, Heidi, Imogen, and Dana are spectating at a school basketball game in which Rob and Stifler are playing.
A girl called Katie tries to talk to Stifler, but he brushes her off.
Rob again attempts to tell Heidi how he feels, but is unable to.
Lube discovers a page in The Bible which tells of a brothel in Canada and a prostitute, Monique, who is very experienced.
The entry was written in 1975, but Lube misreads the date as 1995, and they decide to visit.
When they meet Monique the boys are disgusted, but Nathan states that they should go for it anyway.
Nathan and Lube make Rob go first, but Monique dies while performing oral sex on him.
They panic and drive back to the USA.
Rob and Heidi are once again in the library where Rob finally tells her he is attracted to her.
Heidi says she feels the same, and they agree to meet at Stifler's party later.
At the party Heidi hears Rob shout "Tonight, I'm getting laid.
", and runs upstairs.
Stifler again brushes off Katie when she tries to talk to him.
Lube tells Ashley how he feels about her, giving a speech on how he guarantees sexual satisfaction, but she still turns him down.
Ashley's friend is impressed with his promise and tells Lube to meet her upstairs, but when she finds an offensive text on his phone she storms out.
Nathan attempts to reconcile with Dana but offends her, making her leave once again.
Rob finds Heidi in bed with Stifler and leaves the room.
Heidi follows him downstairs, but Rob refuses to talk to her and begins to drink heavily.
He declares "only assholes get laid.
" and then behaves crudely to a random girl, who promptly goes to bed with him.
She asks him to have sex with her from behind, but he hallucinates and sees Heidi saying; "You aren't seriously going to stick your dick in that, are you.
".
Rob then throws up on the girl's back.
The next morning his mother asks him if he drove home drunk, and shows him a film she received on her phone of Rob throwing up on the girl the night before.
In an attempt to restore The Bible, Rob and his friends resolve to find all of the people who originally wrote it in order to recreate it, starting with the original creator, Noah Levenstein.
They eventually succeed in recreating the book.
Rob and his friends then go on the school ski trip.
In a log cabin where a few students are playing strip poker, Katie again attempts to talk to Stifler, who again brushes her off.
She bets Stifler that if she wins at poker he has to apologise to her and run naked in the snow.
Stifler loses and is forced to apologise and go outside naked, where he is humped by a moose.
Due to last night's ordeal, Imogen keeps him company and the two form a bond.
The other students are riding up the mountain in gondola ski lifts, but Nathan has sex with Dana in the lift control room and accidentally shut off the lifts' power.
In one lift, Rob and Heidi reconcile and kiss.
Ashley and Lube are in another lift, where Lube falls out when trying to go for help.
When Ashley climbs down to him, Lube tells her how he really feels about her, moving her to tears.
Heidi and Rob return to the cabin and have sex.
Lube and Ashley also go back to the cabin and have sex.
The story ends with Rob, Nathan, and Lube returning the newly restored Bible to where Rob found it, after Rob has added his signature to it.
As a finale, Rob's brother, Cody, enters his bedroom to find an online film of him putting a vacuum cleaner on his penis.
To his horror it has been viewed almost 10 million times.
Rob ends the film with the words "Gotcha, ha ha".
Attorney Phillip Reed is tired of one-night stands.
He then meets a woman at the zoo, Gloria Franklin, who is getting married in 2 weeks.
When she meets Phillip, she lies to him and tells him her name is Marsha Lyons.
The two hit it off right, away and Gloria/Marsha tells Phillip she'll call him.
Gloria/Marsha doesn't plan on ever calling him back, but when she calls her soon-to-be groom and a woman whom he presumably slept with answers, Gloria/Marsha feeling betrayed by her soon-to-be-groom decides to call Phillip.
She asks him to go to Mexico with her, and the two have an adventure getting there when the car they rented breaks down and catches fire.
Then they hitch a ride with some local farm workers.
Finally, they make it to a beautiful home that is owned by Gloria/Marsha's parents.
They have a blast in Mexico, dining and dancing, eventually winding up in bed together.
The next morning Phillip gets up looking for Gloria/Marsha who's already left.
Phillip finds out via a videotape explanation left by Gloria/Marsha that she's getting married in a week and that he was supposed to be her last fling.
Phillip then tries to find her.
When he finally does, he tries to stop the wedding and convince Gloria that they belong together.
In the end, Gloria leaves her unfaithful groom at the altar, and she and Phillip go for a walk in the zoo where they first met.
The switchboard operator Anna Mirelle (Frances Drake) in an apartment building falls in love with businessman Julian De Lussac (Cary Grant), who lives in the building, whom she has gotten to know only over the phone.
When she discovers that the man's current girlfriend Marguerite (Rosita Moreno) is actually part of a scheme to swindle him out of an option of a nitrate mine concession in Chile he bought, she devises a plot to save him and expose the con artist, Marguerite's husband Ramon Cintos (Rafael Corio).
De Lussac's friend Paul Vernet (Edward Everett Horton), who is in love with millionaire's daughter Susie Flamberg (Nydia Westman), has to face a great jealous rage, as Susie has fallen in love with De Lussac and has brought in her father to force him into marrying her.
He will come out of it by giving Vernet a lesson on how he should act with Susie to impress her.
De Lussac gets rid of Marguerite and ends up with Anna.
In a rough area in Los Angeles, an aspiring poet has spent six months without leaving his apartment because of his obsessive delusions concerning cruel doctors, rappers, and spiders.
Meanwhile, a woman who appears to curse things by wanting to help is dumped by her boyfriend and finds herself flat broke on the streets of LA.
Soon she runs into a local gang.
Due to a telephone glitch, our hero calls her at a phone booth trying to dial a "talk line" and invites her to his place.
There they are forced to aid each other in overcoming their particular problems.
Recently widowed Michelle O'Brien moves into a Greenwich Village brownstone with her infant son John Thomas.
Her neighbor, Harley Rummel, a bohemian who earns a living by making nudie films in his apartment, becomes interested in her, but Michele believes her boss, wealthy psychologist Phillip Brock, is a better prospect as a new mate.
Although he is an authority on children, Phillip actually despises them, so Michelle decides to keep John Thomas a secret for the time being.
Unbeknownst to her, Harley is using the baby in his movies.
When John Thomas is admitted to Phillip's clinic for observation, Harley sneaks into his room to complete a film, but his surreptitious activities are captured by a hidden camera recording the baby's behavior.
Michelle is furious but, when he saves John Thomas from a potentially dangerous situation, she forgives Harley and decides he may be the better choice for a father after all.
Darryl Palmer is a baseball player for the Atlanta Braves.
He enjoys the fame and fringe benefits of bachelor life until he meets rock singer Debby Huston, falls in love and decides to settle down.
Debby isn't ready to put her professional hopes on hold.
But from the moment Darryl meets her, his own career takes off.
He begins a full assault on baseball's single-season home run record of 61 (at that time) and considers Debby a good-luck charm, wanting her to be there at his games.
Manager Burly DeVito appreciates that Darryl has found a settling influence in his life, but teammates Moose Granger and Manny Alvarado become increasingly aware of how obsessed Darryl is with Debby and how unhappy she has become.
She feels smothered by her husband, who interferes with her career ambitions and goes into a jealous funk whenever she goes on the road.
The happy couple breaks up, to the detriment of Darryl's game and his pursuit of one of baseball's greatest feats.
He begins to fail on a regular basis and the team's playoff chances could be in jeopardy.
Burly and his players concoct a plan to have another woman, hidden by shadows, pretend to be Darryl's wife, telling him everything he wants to hear.
It works temporarily, then backfires.
Debby comes back to try to work things out.
Darryl does indeed hit his record-breaking home run, but it remains uncertain whether the couple's relationship can ever be what it once was.
At 30 years old, Opie (James Ricardo) is a virgin whose existence is made up of watching pornography and eating junk food.
One day a drug dealer named Thai (April Wade) mistakenly comes to his door.
She decides to help Opie by finding him a good woman, initially (and unsuccessfully) by online personal ads.
Thai and Opie end up sleeping together while high on marijuana, and then end up seeing each other regularly.
Opie starts having sex with other women, including Thai's lesbian lover Dakota (Ute Werner) and a "gun-toting" nymphomaniac named Rain (Jesselynn Desmond).
The film is set in an alternative reality in which lying does not exist.
As a consequence of this premise, religion does not exist.
Mark Bellison (Ricky Gervais) is a screenwriter, in a film industry limited to historical readings because there is no fiction.
One night he has a date with the beautiful and wealthy Anna McDoogles (Jennifer Garner).
She tells Mark she is not attracted to him, because of his looks and failing financial situation, but is going out with him as a favour to his best friend Greg Kleinschmidt (LouisK).
The next day Mark is fired from his job because of the lack of interest in his films, and his landlord threatens to evict him for not paying his rent.
Crestfallen, he goes to the bank to close his account.
The teller informs him that the computers are down, and asks him how much money he has in his account.
Mark has an epiphany that enables him to tell the world's first lie, to the effect that he has $800 — the amount he owed his landlord — in his account.
He then lies in a variety of other circumstances, such as preventing a police officer (Edward Norton) from arresting Greg for drunk driving and stopping his depressive neighbour Frank Fawcett (Jonah Hill) from committing suicide.
He realises that lying can be used for helping others rather than personal gain, and writes a screenplay about the world being invaded by aliens in the 14th century, in which it is claimed that everyone's memories were erased.
He becomes wealthy from the film's success.
Mark convinces Anna to go out with him again; she congratulates Mark for his financial success and admits that he would be a good husband and father, but she is still not attracted to him.
Mark then gets a call that his mother has had a heart attack and rushes to the hospital.
There, the doctor (Jason Bateman) tells him that his mother is going to die.
She is scared of death, believing that it will bring an eternity of nothingness.
Mark, through tears, tells her that death instead brings a joyful afterlife, introducing the concept of a Heaven to her, and she dies happy.
Mark soon receives worldwide attention for his supposed new information about death.
After encouragement from Anna, he tells the world, through "ten rules" (mirroring the Ten Commandments), that he talks to a "Man In The Sky" (God) who controls everything and promises great rewards in the good place after you die, as long as you do no more than three "bad things" (Sin).
Some time later Anna and Mark are together in a park and Anna asks him, if they marry, would his now being rich and famous make their children more physically attractive.
Mark wants to lie but does not because of his love for Anna, and says no.
Meanwhile, Mark's enemy Brad Kessler (Rob Lowe) pursues Anna romantically, motivated by Mark's success.
Though Brad's selfish, cruel manner makes Anna uncomfortable, she continues dating him and they become engaged.
Before the wedding Greg appears and convinces Mark that he has not missed his chance with Anna.
Mark reluctantly attends Anna and Brad's wedding, where he objects to the marriage, but the officiant informs him that only the Man in the Sky can stop the wedding.
Brad and Anna both ask Mark to ask the Man in the Sky what Anna should do but Mark refuses to say anything and leaves, wanting Anna to choose for herself.
Anna walks out and Mark confesses his ability to lie.
Anna struggles to understand the concept and asks why he did not lie to convince her to marry him; Mark states that it "wouldn't count".
Anna confesses that she loves him.
Some time later, Anna and Mark are shown happily married with a son, who appears by his actions to have inherited his father's ability to lie.
Ernest Bliss (Cary Grant) is a rich socialite suffering boredom.
He makes a bet for £50,000 with a doctor, Sir James Aldroyd, that he can live for a year, working at whatever jobs he can find, supporting himself solely on whatever pay he earns, and not relying on any of his accumulated wealth.
Despite a good effort on his part, he ultimately loses the bet when he has to draw money to wed poverty stricken Frances Clayton (Mary Brian), to save her from an unhappy marriage of convenience.
The four couples prepare for their next marriage retreat in the Bahamas.
Sheila and her new husband, Troy, are the first to arrive, followed (in order) by Patricia and Gavin, Terry and Dianne, and Angela and Marcus.
The men and the women separate to talk about the good and bad about their marriages.
In a surprising twist, Sheila's ex-husband, Mike, arrives, and Angela immediately starts a fight until he leaves the women alone to go see the guys.
That night, he talks about his and Sheila's relationship, which angers Troy.
Dianne accidentally calls Terry "Phil" in the course of conversation.
Angela is insistent about getting the password to Marcus' cell phone because she distrusts him, but Marcus distracts her using sex.
Dianne and Terry hear arguing later and think it's Angela and Marcus, but it turns out to be Patricia and Gavin.
When Dianne goes to investigate, she finds Patricia but cannot get her to tell her what's wrong.
The next morning, Sheila makes it clear that, though Mike says he misses her, she is completely over him.
At the beach, the women meet an elderly couple who have accidentally thrown a friend's ashes on Angela.
Sheila invites them to dinner and they accept.
At the "Why Did I Get Married.
" ceremony, Patricia announces to the group that she and Gavin are getting a divorce, causing a distraught and angered Gavin to walk away from her, because he did not know she was going to announce it to them.
Back in Atlanta, Gavin and his lawyer meet Patricia with her lawyer, Dianne.
Patricia and Gavin have decided to split everything down the middle in the settlement, but Gavin reveals that Patricia has not offered up the account containing her $850,000 book revenue.
Patricia refuses to give Gavin any of her book money, but as she leaves, Gavin advises Dianne to tell Patricia to "prepare for a fight", as he intends to get half of that account as well.
Meanwhile, Angela's neighbor tells her she's been hearing sexual noises from the house when Angela is not home.
Angela believes Marcus is cheating and confronts him live on his television show, who then gives her his cell phone and password.
Gavin comes home very drunk and confronts Patricia.
He takes their son's baby photos and taunts her about her perceived lack of emotions, even about their divorce and their son's death, and then assaults her, douses her in vodka, then burns the photos.
Elsewhere, at Sheila's request, Mike agrees to help find Troy a job.
Angela lectures Dianne and Sheila about how all men cheat.
Patricia changes the locks and catches Gavin, Terry, and Marcus moving Gavin's things out, then learns Gavin has taken all their money, including her book money; enraged, Patricia trashes the house with his golf clubs.
Angela comes home early to catch Marcus cheating and finds a couple in her bed, but after shooting up the room, she notices it was just the gardener and the maid having sex.
Terry finally confronts Dianne about her infidelity; she reveals that she has been having an emotional affair and begs for forgiveness.
Marcus and Angela fight, then reconcile, but only to fight again after Angela discovers Marcus has another phone.
Troy arrives at Mike's apartment after finding out Mike got him his police job.
After finding Sheila there, he angrily attacks Mike.
Sheila tearfully confesses that she has been taking Mike to chemotherapy; she tries to apologize for being dishonest, but he leaves her.
The women go to Patricia's house to comfort her; they soon realize that they are ruining their marriages and lives with their constant selfishness, lies, dishonesty and inconsideration.
The next day, Troy, himself, apologizes to Mike for the incident, who forgives him and invites Troy to have a drink with him and the guys, beginning a new friendship.
Mike tells the men to fix their marriages because life is too short.
The following day, Gavin finds himself humiliated at his job, harassed, and told off by an angry Patricia; to make matters worst, he is then struck and gravely injured by an oncoming truck.
While the others wait to hear the status of his condition, a tearful and regretful Patricia instructs the wives to fix their marriages (such as Mike suggested to the husbands), and everyone makes up.
Gavin's doctor shows up and informs them that he has died.
The couples decided to have a memorial service for Gavin in the Bahamas.
One year later, as Patricia exits a university building she is approached by a colleague.
She tells Patricia that she knows someone who wants to meet her, a philanthropist, but Patricia refuses.
The professor goes on to tell her that she can at least say hi because the university needs funds.
The man (Dwayne Johnson) tells her that her books have helped in his grieving process (divorce) and invites her to have coffee.
The movie ends with Patricia smiling at him.
Set in May 1929, the film focuses on two sisters - Mayme (Clara Bow) and Janie (Jean Arthur) - as they share an apartment in New York City.
In daytime, they work as salesgirls at the Ginsberg's department store, and at night they vie for the attention of their colleague Bill (James Hall) and fight over Janie's selfish and reckless behavior, such as stealing Mayme's clothes and hitchhiking to work with strangers.
Bill prefers Mayme over Janie and constantly shows his affection for her.
This upsets Janie, who schemes to break up the couple.
One day at work, Bill is promoted to floorwalker, while Janie is made treasurer of the benefit pageant.
Mayme, however, is not granted a promotion, but gets heavily criticized for constantly being late at work by the head of personnel, Miss Streeter (Edna May Oliver).
Phil and Claire Foster (Steve Carell and Tina Fey) are a married couple from New Jersey with two children, Ollie and Charlotte, and whose domestic life has become boring and routine.
Phil is a tax lawyer while Claire is a realtor.
They are motivated to reignite their romance after learning that their best friends, Brad and Haley (Mark Ruffalo and Kristen Wiig), are planning to divorce to escape the married-life routine and to have more excitement in their lives.
To avoid the routine that had become their weekly "date night", Phil decides that he will take Claire to a trendy Manhattan restaurant, but they cannot get a table.
Phil takes a reservation from a no-show couple, the Tripplehorns, despite Claire's misgivings.
While eating they are approached by two men, Collins (Common) and Armstrong (Jimmi Simpson), who question them about a flash drive they believe Phil and Claire stole from mobster boss Joe Miletto (Ray Liotta).
Phil and Claire explain that they are not the Tripplehorns, but the men threaten them at gunpoint.
Not seeing any other way out, Phil tells them it is in a boathouse in Central Park.
At the boathouse, Claire pretends to search; while Collins and Armstrong's backs are turned, Phil hits them with a paddle and escapes with Claire on a boat.
At a police station, Phil and Claire talk with Detective Arroyo (Taraji Henson), but discover Collins and Armstrong are also detectives, presumably on Miletto's payroll.
Realizing they cannot trust the police, they decide to find the real Tripplehorns.
They return to the restaurant and find the cellphone number of the Tripplehorns.
Claire remembers a former client, Holbrooke Grant (Mark Wahlberg), is a security expert and James Bond-like action hero.
He is consistently seen never wearing a shirt.
At his apartment, Grant traces the cellphone signal to an apartment owned by Tom Felton.
Collins and Armstrong arrive, but Phil and Claire escape in Grant's Audi R8.
They arrive at Felton's apartment and break in.
They question Felton, nicknamed "Taste" (James Franco), and his wife "Whippit" (Mila Kunis) about the flash drive and Joe Miletto.
It turns out that they went to the restaurant, but left when they spotted Collins.
Realizing they are in danger, the couple give the flash drive to Phil and flee.
When Phil and Claire get back in the Audi, Armstrong and Collins shoot at them.
Phil and Claire crash the Audi head-on into a Ford Crown Victoria taxicab, resulting in their Audi and the Ford being attached at the bumpers.
Phil and the cab driver (J.
Smoove) decide to drive off to get away.
Phil climbs into the Ford to navigate while Claire navigates the Audi.
Phil checks the flash drive on the driver's Amazon Kindle and finds pictures of district attorney Frank Crenshaw (William Fichtner) with prostitutes (early in the film, a press conference shows Crenshaw highlighting his integrity platform).
After evading Collins and Armstrong, they are eventually hit and are separated by an SUV.
The cab falls into the river; Phil and the driver escape, but without the flash drive.
In a subway, Phil determines that Felton obtained the flash drive to blackmail Crenshaw.
They return to Grant's apartment, and Grant is reluctant to help after becoming exhausted by their incompetence, but Phil begs and he agrees.
Phil and Claire go to an illegal strip club that Crenshaw frequents, with Claire under the guise of a new prostitute and Phil as her pimp.
After doing a pole dance for Crenshaw, they confront him and tell him they are the Tripplehorns.
Collins and Armstrong come in and hold them at gunpoint and take them up to the roof with Crenshaw.
Miletto arrives with henchmen and it is revealed that Crenshaw has been paid by Miletto to keep him out of jail.
When Phil mentions the photos, a feud escalates between the mobsters and Crenshaw, Collins and Armstrong.
Phil asks Claire to count to three (her typical method of calming their children).
When she does, a helicopter appears and Arroyo and the SWAT team come onto the roof to arrest Miletto, Crenshaw, and everyone else.
It is revealed that Phil was wearing a wire courtesy of Grant, who informed Arroyo of the situation.
After being declared heroes, Phil and Claire enjoy breakfast at a diner, where Phil admits he would marry Claire and have their kids all over again if given the chance.
When they return home, they make out on the front lawn.
Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte, and Miranda meet up with each other.
In flashback Carrie is depicted arriving in New York City in 1986, then met Charlotte one year later, Miranda in 1989.
She also meets Samantha, when she was a bartender at the music club CBGB.
In the present, three of the four women are married but Samantha, who at 52, is desperately trying to keep her libido alive with the help of "Suzanne Somers and her team of doctors" to keep her menopause at bay.
The four of them attend Anthony and Stanford's wedding, where Carrie serves as "best man".
Miranda quits her job after the misogynistic new managing partner disrespects her once too often.
Charlotte's two children are a handful (mostly her two-year-old daughter Rose's extreme and constant crying) and she's worried that Harry is attracted to their buxom Irish nanny, Erin.
Carrie's marriage to mr Big has settled down, though they differ on how to spend their spare time.
For their anniversary, Carrie gives mr Big a vintage Rolex watch engraved with a romantic message, while he, much to her dismay, shows her a new TV in their bedroom as his gift, which Big says they can use to watch old movies together, something they did at the hotel at Anthony and Stanford's wedding and seemed to enjoy.
Carrie, however, is disappointed, as she had hoped for jewelry as a gift.
Meanwhile, Samantha has been approached by an Arab sheikh to devise a PR campaign for his business.
He offers to fly her and her friends on an all-expenses-paid luxury vacation to Abu Dhabi.
The girls happily accept, although Carrie is worried about the separation from Big and Charlotte is worried about leaving her husband alone with the nanny.
Only Miranda, unfettered by a job for the first time in her life, is enthusiastic.
Upon entering Abu Dhabi, Samantha's hormone-enhancing drugs are confiscated under UAE law.
This renders her devoid of estrogen; her famous libido goes dead.
Charlotte tries to call Harry every few minutes; Miranda revels in the luxury surrounding her, while Carrie befriends her manservant, Gaurau, who is an underpaid temporary worker from India.
Carrie runs into her former lover, Aidan.
He proposes dinner à deux at his hotel and she decides to meet Aidan for dinner.
The dinner is very enjoyable, with the two discussing old times.
Aidan remarks on the ways Carrie is "not like other women".
In a moment of remembered passion, they kiss.
Carrie runs away in panic and returns to the hotel.
Back at the hotel, Miranda and Charlotte have drinks together and discuss the difficulties of motherhood.
Carrie arrives, tells her friends about the kiss, and asks them whether she should tell Big, as they have no secrets between them.
Miranda reflects on the events of the previous film, when her husband, Steve, told her about his affair.
Samantha counsels Carrie to wait before deciding anything.
Carrie opts to call Big to tell him.
Big is silent upon hearing the news, and after saying a few words, hangs up.
The four women find their style and Western attitudes contrast with Muslim customs.
While on a date with a handsome Dane, Samantha is arrested for public indecency after fondling him at a restaurant and making out with him on the beach.
With the Sheikh's intervention, Samantha is released, but is left with a permanent police record.
Worse, the Sheikh decides to cancel the PR meeting and ceases paying for the remainder of the women's luxurious stay.
They are told they have 1 hour to either pay $22,000 a night for the rest of their stay or leave.
They quickly pack their bags and leave, but must return to the souq to find Carrie's passport.
When Samantha's flamboyance nearly incites a riot, the girls are rescued by a group of Emirati women who share their sense of style under their black robes.
When Carrie returns home, she finds the bedroom television removed and Big gone.
She passes an anxious day, at the end of which he returns.
Big tells her that although he was "pretty torn up", he realizes that what she needs is something to remind her at all times that she is married.
He hands her a jewelry box, which reveals an engagement ring set with a black diamond.
When Carrie asks him why a black diamond, he says, "Because you're not like anyone else", echoing Aidan's earlier comment.
Big and Carrie combine their interests; Charlotte's nanny, Erin, turns out to be a lesbian and is no threat to her marriage; Miranda finds a new job at a more laid back and diverse law firm where she is appreciated, and Samantha stays the same, even meeting up with the Danish architect she met in Abu Dhabi for sex on the beach, this time a beach on The Hamptons.
The Royds drive down to their spacious cottage in the country.
Denys informs his mother Mildred, the matriarch of the family, that he has invited Rowena Hyde.
She shows up in a chauffeur-driven car.
Also making an appearance is patriarch Arthur Royd's friend Adrian Barrasford.
The pair go fishing.
When Adrian reveals he is very fond of Mary Jarrow, Arthur invites him to supper, as Mary will be there.
Miranda Bute, nearly eighteen years old, is another surprise guest.
Mildred becomes a bit concerned, as she knows that Miranda, her niece, is attached to Denys (though he himself is oblivious), making for an awkward situation.
When Miranda discovers that Denys has turned down an attractive job offer because there was "just no money in it", she is sure there is "something behind this".
Then she encounters Rowena, who informs her that Denys has accepted a well-paying job in Hollywood as a private secretary, rather than pursuing a career as an artist.
She eventually quarrels with Denys over his decision.
Adrian takes Arthur and Mildred's advice to make his intentions known, only to have Mary misconstrue his proposal as an offer to sell her his house.
He, on the other hand, thinks she has turned down his offer of marriage.
Denys and Rowena go to a party of her upper-class friends.
He becomes annoyed when she chooses Paul Perry (Denys's future employer) instead of him as her partner in a game.
Meanwhile, Arthur, Adrian and Sam sneak off to do some poaching; Miranda joins them, and after much searching, they catch a large salmon.
However, they are spotted and chased by the authorities.
Miranda flags down a passing car, which turns out to be driven by Denys.
He lies to a policeman to keep her out of trouble and takes her home.
Arthur and Adrian eventually show up, but Sam is caught and taken into custody.
Arthur has to get Adrian, in his official capacity as the local justice of the peace, to allow him to bail out their fellow poacher.
The next morning, Miranda is delighted to learn that Denys has changed his mind and declined the Hollywood job.
It soon becomes apparent that he has also drastically changed his view of Miranda as well.
Adrian, emboldened by his experience the night before, proposes to and is accepted by Mary.
The Royds depart.
Andy (Lee Bowman) and Janie (Jean Arthur) Anderson are seated on opposite sides of a court room filing for a divorce.
As the judge is about to render his verdict, Janie's father (Charles Coburn) makes a suggestion.
In an attempt to save the marriage, William suggests that the couple return to San Francisco (where they met a year and a half ago) for four days and retrace all of their steps to include getting married.
Ms.
Baldwin (Jean Arthur) and ms Davis (Ruth Donnelly) are owners and instructors of the Supreme Secretarial School.
ms Baldwin is fighting Spring Fever and daydreams while teaching her class.
They take pride in turning out well trained secretaries.
They are having problems teaching a secretarial student, named Maizie (Dorothea Kent) who cannot spell, take dictation or type.
When the instructors ask her what she is doing at the school, she replies with, “I‘m here for the same reason that every other smart girl’s here - to, uh, get a chance to meet nice men.
”  ms Davis tells her, “This doesn’t happen to be a matrimonial agency.
” Next, a former student drops by with a prospective student and informs the owners that she is getting married to a Junior Vice President (due to her job as a secretary).
This leads ms Baldwin to wonder if these young ladies are onto something.
Meanwhile, a client, mr Gilbert (George Brent) who is the editor of Body and Brain magazine continues to fire secretarial graduates from the Supreme Secretarial School.
He calls the school and over the phone, mr Gilbert complains to ms Baldwin about inept secretaries.
ms Baldwin covers the phone receiver and repeats what he is saying to ms Davis.
ms Baldwin says to ms Davis, “He wants to know what’s wrong with the modern woman.
” ms Davis replies, “.
the modern man.
”  ms Baldwin decides to go to mr Gilbert’s office to see what he expects of a secretary.
When they meet, he inadvertently thinks she is a secretary rather than the owner of the school and tells her to report to work in the morning.
She is immediately smitten with mr Gilbert and decides to work as his secretary.
Jackie Laurens (Heather Locklear) is a recently divorced, 40-year-old and mother of a teenage son and daughter who takes a vacation alone to Hawaii where, against her better judgment, she meets and hooks up with hunky, 27-year-old resident surf instructor Kyle Hamilton (Robert Buckley).
But what began as a one-night stand turns into love as when her vacation is done, she flies to Hawaii every chance she gets to meet with her latest love interest, which soon gets disapproval from her ex-husband, her kids, and even her close friends.
As time and the pressure from everyone around her to break it off with Kyle pushes Jackie to her breaking point, it will only take her beau Kyle to teach her how to cope before life passes her by.
Playboy Bill Norman (Allan Lane) wants to go on a six-month expedition to study tropical fish, but his wealthy businessman father (George Irving) wants him to buckle down and go to work.
When mr Norman catches Bill trying to "borrow" his yacht, they make a wager.
If Bill works for 30 days at the family dairy business without making a single mistake, mr Norman will finance his expedition.
Norman assumes he will be an executive, but his father makes him deliver milk instead.
On his route, he meets Sheila Harrison (Joan Fontaine), whom he thinks is a maid, but is in fact a socialite.
She and her mother (Hedda Hopper) are in such deep financial trouble, they cannot pay their bills or their loyal maid Mary.
mrs Harrison pins her hopes on Sheila marrying wealthy Wally Martin, but Sheila does not like him.
At first, Sheila does not much care for Bill either, but he eventually wins her affections.
However, when Sheila is pressured by her mother to break her date with Bill to attend a charity ball with Wally, she encounters Bill there with his beautiful cousin Adele.
Wally insists Sheila is his fiancee, and she does not believe Bill's claim that Adele is merely his cousin, so the couple break up.
After Bill is tossed out for punching Wally, Adele overhears Sheila deny she is engaged, and tells Bill.
Tim Hogan (Eddie Gribbon), a fellow milk deliveryman and friend, drives Bill to Sheila's home to try to speak to her, but the police are called and Bill is arrested.
Hogan manages to convince Sheila that Bill loves her; it also helps that he reveals who Bill actually is.
Mary spots them leaving in Hogan's milk truck and assumes Sheila is being kidnapped.
The police are alerted.
Meanwhile, Sheila puts on a uniform and sets out to deliver the milk on the last day of the bet.
Bill gets himself bailed out and catches up with Sheila.
Chased by the police, they complete Bill's rounds and return to the dairy with seconds to spare to win the bet.
mr Norman and mrs Harrison recognize each other, and once they figure out what is going on, approve of Bill and Sheila's relationship.
Zoe (Jennifer Lopez) has given up on finding the man of her dreams and decides to become a single mother and undergoes artificial insemination.
The same day she meets Stan (Alex O'Loughlin) when they both try to hail the same taxi.
They run into each other twice more at a farmers market and a pet store.
Stan convinces Zoe to go on a no-obligations date.
Zoe is still uncertain whether she is pregnant or not and if she should tell Stan.
The night she takes the test, Stan takes her for a romantic dinner in a garden.
Things don't turn out as well as planned when he spills the wine and a fire occurs.
At the end of the night Stan asks her to come to his farm during the weekend and Zoe finds out that she is pregnant.
She goes to the farm determined to tell him that she is pregnant.
They have sex and afterwards Stan is confused and angry that she didn't tell him before and Zoe leaves the next morning believing that things are over between them.
However, Stan decides he still wants to be with her and they reconcile.
They go to the doctor and find out that Zoe is actually carrying twins.
Overwhelmed, Stan goes to a children's playing area to figure out what it means to be a father, but is suspected to be a pervert; this is soon cleared up.
He finds a friend there that he can talk to about the pregnancy throughout the movie, while Zoe gets little support from her Single Mothers and Proud group when the group members discover she is no longer single.
Stan takes the next step to becoming a father and orders a stroller for the twins.
After many misunderstandings and comedic revelations, Zoe and Stan are walking into the Market when they run into Stan's ex-girlfriend.
Due to Stan's remark that the twins are not his, Zoe believes that he is not ready to become a father to them, and breaks off the relationship.
Later, the stroller that Stan ordered arrives and Zoe figures out that Stan was never planning to leave.
At her grandmother's wedding, Zoe's water breaks and on the way to the hospital they make a pit stop at the Market.
Zoe apologizes to Stan and they begin to work things out.
He pulls out the penny that she turned over when they first met and Zoe promises to trust him more.
Zoe gives birth to twin girls, one of whom they name Penny.
In the end, Stan opens a store/restaurant next to Zoe's pet shop and after the Grand Opening speech Stan asks Zoe to marry him and she says yes.
On their way home, she spontaneously throws up into a rubbish bin and realizes that she may be yet again pregnant.
Olive Penderghast, a 17-year-old girl living in Ojai, California, lies to her best friend Rhiannon Abernathy about going on a date in order to get out of camping with Rhiannon's hippie parents.
Instead, she hangs around the house all weekend listening to Natasha Bedingfield's "Pocketful of Sunshine", which is played by a greeting card she was sent.
The following Monday, pressed by Rhiannon, Olive lies about losing her virginity to a college guy.
Marianne Bryant, a prissy and strictly religious Christian at their school, overhears her telling the lie and soon it spreads like wildfire.
The school's conservative church group run by Marianne decides Olive will be their next project.
Olive confides the truth to her friend Brandon, and he explains how others bully him because of his homosexuality.
He later asks Olive to pretend to sleep with him so that he will be accepted by everyone as a "straight stud".
Brandon convinces Olive to help him and they pretend to have sex at a party.
After having a fight with Rhiannon over Olive's new identity as a "dirty skank", Olive decides to counteract the harassment by embracing her new image as the school tramp.
She begins to wear more provocative clothing and stitches a red "A" to everything she wears.
Boys who usually have had no luck with girls in the past beg Olive to say they have had sex with her in order to increase their own popularity, in exchange for gift cards to various stores, in turn increasing her reputation.
Things get worse when Micah, Marianne's 20-year-old boyfriend, contracts chlamydia from sleeping with mrs Griffith, the school guidance counsellor, and blames it all on Olive.
Olive agrees to lie to cover up the affair so that the marriage of her favorite teacher, mr Griffith, would be spared.
Marianne's religious clique, which now includes Rhiannon, begins harassing Olive in order to get her to leave school.
After an ill-fated date with Anson, a boy who wants to pay her to actually sleep with him and not just pretend she did, Olive reconnects with Todd, her old love interest, who is also the school's mascot.
Todd then tells her that he does not believe the rumors because he remembers when she lied for him when he was not ready for his first kiss years ago.
Olive then begins to ask everyone she lied for to help her out by telling the truth, but Brandon and Micah have abruptly left town and everyone else is enjoying their newfound popularity and do not want the truth to get out.
mrs Griffith also refuses to tell the truth and when Olive threatens to expose her, mrs Griffith rebuffs her, saying no one would believe her.
Out of spite, Olive then immediately tells mr Griffith, who believes her and separates from mrs Griffith.
After a friendly talk with her open-minded mother Rosemary, Olive comes up with a plan to get everything finally out in the open.
She then does a song and dance number at a school pep rally to get people's attention to watch her via web cam, where she confesses what she has done (the web cam is the framing device of the film).
The various boys whose reputations Olive helped improve are also shown watching.
Later, Olive texts Rhiannon, apologizing for lying to her.
When she is finishing up her web cast, Todd comes by riding a lawnmower and tells her to come outside.
She signs off by saying she may lose her virginity to Todd, and proudly declares "it's nobody's goddamn business".
She goes outside to meet him, they kiss and the two are shown riding off on the lawnmower.
Henry MacMorrow, a junior partner in the law firm of Parsons, Hilton, Trent and MacMorrow, is assigned the task of obtaining the signatures of various members of the Pemberton family so that a piece of property they own can be sold.
While en route by train to the Pemberton home in Aiken, South Carolina, he meets Junior Pemberton, an obnoxious ten-year-old prodigy whose behavior prompts Henry to kick him in the pants when they arrive at the station, much to the dismay of the boy's sister Toni.
Henry arrives at the Permberton home before Toni and Junior, and the rest of the family mistakes him for her fiancé Howard Rogers.
She quickly corrects the misunderstanding and soon finds herself liking the amiable lawyer, despite their unpleasant first meeting.
Mistakenly believing the millionaire Henry is impoverished and the sole support of his widowed mother, Toni promises to help him financially, but Howard convinces the family Henry is a fraud.
The attorney returns to New York City, where he promptly is fired.
Anxious to find Henry, Toni convinces the Pembertons their town is being quarantined, and the entire family travels to New York.
When Toni learns Henry has lost his job, she vows to help him get it back.
She urges her family to sign the documents allowing their land to be sold, and then she and Henry go to the country to obtain the signatures of her Aunts Pitty and Patty and Uncle Goliath.
Howard, still certain Henry is a con artist, decides to assess the Pemberton's property and discovers oil, unaware it's leaking from his own car.
Believing the land is worth a fortune, he persuades the family to sell it to him for $125,000 and convinces them Henry was trying to scam them.
Thinking Henry was deceiving her, Toni ends their relationship.
Howard discovers the oil was from his car and tries to get his money back, only to discover the Pembertons already have spent it.
When he decides to sell the land to Howard, Toni tries to warn him, but he refuses to speak to her, until Pitty and Patty reveal Toni and Henry spent the night in their barn, and Toni pretends he took advantage of her.
Her family storms Henry's apartment and demands he make an honest woman of her, and he willingly agrees to marry Toni.
New York lawyer and playboy Clay Dalzell (William Powell) is asked by old friend Tim Winthrop to locate his girlfriend Alice, who mysteriously disappeared in Chicago a year ago.
Winthrop cannot stop thinking about her and believes she is in New York.
Along with Donna Mantin (Ginger Rogers), who has romantic designs on him, "Dal" attends a hit stage show called "Midnight" that stars a masked actress, Mary Smith, who vanishes in mid-performance when Winthrop recognizes her and blurts out the name Alice.
Gossip columnist Tommy Tennant claims to have discovered a vital clue to the mystery, but before he can reveal it, he is shot in Dal's suite.
Dal is the main suspect, but Inspector Doremus does not believe him to be guilty, and gives the resourceful lawyer the freedom to investigate on his own.
Dal negotiates with gangster Kinland to retrieve letters embarrassing to Donna.
When he gets them (using a bit of blackmail), he is annoyed to discover that they actually belong to a friend of Donna's.
Dal runs into an old flame, Jerry, now wed to a lawyer named Classon.
Classon, it turns out, is also searching for Alice; she can provide an alibi for his client, convicted of a murder in Chicago.
Dal sets up a trap in a Greenwich Village apartment, pretending to have located the missing Mary there and notifying each of the suspects that she is leaving there to meet him at his suite.
He reasons that those who are innocent will go to his suite, while the murderer heads to the apartment to silence Mary.
The killer indeed turns up, in disguise, putting Dal and Donna in grave danger.
Fortunately, Dal and Inspector Doremus are able to subdue the culprit.
It is Robert Classon.
It turns out that Jerry had carried on affairs, first with the Chicago murder victim, then with his accused killer.
Robert Classon killed one of his wife's lovers and tried to frame the other.
To achieve the latter, he also needed to silence Alice, unaware that she had fled to avoid testifying.
She hated the convicted man for ruining her father.
With everything wrapped up, Dal finally gives in and marries Donna.
Cynthia Pilgrim (Betty Grable) is the top typewriting (Typewriter) student of the first graduating class of the Packard Business College in New York City, and as such she is offered a position with the Pritchard Shipping Company in Boston.
There, she finds an office of men overseen by office manager mr Saxon (Gene Lockhart).
When Cynthia introduces herself to company co-owner John Pritchard (Dick Haymes), he tells her he thought all expert typists were male and his policy is to hire only men.
Cynthia asks for an opportunity to prove she's as efficient as her male counterparts, but John refuses and offers her train fare back to New York.
John's Aunt Alice (Anne Revere), an avowed suffragette, has the controlling interest in the company and insists that Cynthia be given a chance.
Cynthia finds lodgings at Catherine Dennison's (Elizabeth Patterson) boarding house, where she meets an eclectic group of tenants, including poet Leander Woolsey (Allyn Joslyn), artist Michael Michael (Arthur Shields), and musician Herbert Jothan (Charles Kemper).
John invites Cynthia to dinner but she prefers not to socialize with her employer.
She does allow him to escort her to one of his aunt's rallies, where she impresses the other women, despite John Pritchard standing up from the audience and asking her some awkward questions about management and labor getting closer together.
When John's mother asks her to dine with them on the evening of the Regimental Ball, Cynthia feels she won't fit in with the woman's social circle, so her rooming house companions coach her on how to behave unpleasantly, thinking the mother would be a snob.
Cynthia is delighted to discover their efforts were unnecessary, because mrs Pritchard proves to be down-to-earth and a supporter of Cynthia's desire to be treated equally in the workplace.
John begins to date Cynthia, and eventually they become engaged.
He tries to persuade her to give up her involvement in the suffrage movement, but she insists she cannot abandon such a worthy cause.
They break their engagement and she is fired from her job, but none of the people hired by mr Saxon to replace her please mr Pritchard.
He and John go, in desperation, to a local school to find yet another candidate for the position.
There, John discovers that its general manager is Cynthia, and the two are reunited in business as well as in love.
The musical starts with the busybody postman who reads everybody's mail, Hector (Walter Brennan), delivering mail to the Dana household and particularly to Cora (Helen Broderick), the maid who he is in love with.
Professor Oliver Dana (Robert Benchley) is the head of the household.
The oldest sister is Sylvia (Anne Gwynne), an actress, and the youngest is Nancy (Ann Gillis), who is a bit of a flirt and has all the boys fighting over her.
The middle sister Jane (Deanna Durbin), the "nice girl", makes her entry singing the song "Perhaps" to the rabbits she takes care of.
Her father is trying to write a book about diet and is testing it on rabbits.
Don Webb (Robert Stack) is her boyfriend, an avid car buff.
One day, Richard Calvert (Franchot Tone) visits the Danas to study what Professor Dana is practicing with the rabbits.
The three daughters are instantly enamored with him and do all they can to impress him.
The family gets together with Jane playing the piano and singing "Beneath the Lights of Home", accompanied by Oliver, Nancy, and Sylvia.
There is a Fourth of July celebration in which Oliver Dana gives a speech.
After a bit of dancing, Jane sings "Old Folks at Home".
Don lends Jane the car to take Richard to the train station, but she decides to stop being a "nice girl" and drives him to New York.
When they get there she changes into some clothes that belong to Richard’s sister and then plays a song on the piano, "Love at Last" while she sings and Richard comes down and sees her at the piano.
Richard quickly sees that she is trying to not be a "nice girl", but both of them realize that she is just playing a game and not really being who she is.
So she leaves his house and drives back home, still wearing Richard’s sister’s pajamas.
She gets into town but the car runs out of gas and she manages to wake up the entire neighborhood.
They all see that she is no longer a "nice girl" and rumors start to fly instantly.
Jane locks herself in her room until her father gives her a telegram from Richard.
Jane decides to face the music and go to the benefit for the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement, but doesn't realize that everyone thinks that she and Richard are engaged.
She sings "Beneath the Lights of Home" at the benefit.
Everyone congratulates her afterwards about her engagement, but she thinks they are just fooling her.
She goes to Don for comfort, and he agrees that it’s all nonsense and of course Richard wouldn’t go for her.
Jane gets angry at that and decides to show Don.
She tells him that she is engaged to Richard and Don storms off.
Right at that time Oliver and Richard come to the benefit.
They congratulate Prof.
Oliver (for the engagement of his daughter to Richard Calvert), but he is confused and thinks that they are congratulating him for getting his fellowship.
Jane intercepts them and tells Richard that everyone thinks they are engaged.
They fake a big quarrel so that they can break their engagement.
Meanwhile, Don has enlisted in the army, and Jane goes to see him to explain what happened.
When she goes, Don tells her that he loves her.
They kiss (off-screen) and then she goes to a bandstand and sings the song "Thank You America" for the crowd at the Army base.
Florist Genevieve Gernier (Vardalos) believes that the best way to achieve romantic fulfillment is to never go on more than five dates with the same man.
She is forced to reassess her philosophy when she meets Greg Gatlin (Corbett), a restaurateur who moves into her neighborhood.
Upon graduation from Buffalo Grove High School, valedictorian Denis Cooverman states to the entire gymnasium that he's had a crush on cheerleader Beth Cooper for six years.
During the speech, he singles out several members of the class including the class bully and a pretty but shallow party girl, and tells his movie-quoting best friend Rich to admit that he's gay.
Denis' speech upsets everyone except Beth, who thinks it was "sweet", giving Denis the courage to invite her to a party at his house that night.
After the speech, it is revealed that Beth in fact has a boyfriend, an off duty army soldier named Kevin who threatens Denis.
After his declaration, Denis' mother and father leave him and Rich alone at the house for their party, which no one attends, as they are social outcasts.
Beth shows up in her tiny blue car with her friends Cammy and Treece (the group of three is known as "The Trinity") at Denis' house that evening.
Things are awkward and become worse when Kevin shows up with his army buddies, and Denis and Rich are assaulted and Denis' house (the kitchen) is trashed.
Beth and the Trinity help Denis and Rich get away.
Beth is meant to be a dream girl, but has glaring imperfections that shatter Denis' fantasy.
Throughout the novel the real Beth shows that she is nowhere near the perfect girl that Denis has imagined.
They then travel out to Old Tobacco Road where Denis and Beth drink and converse about their roles in high school and why exactly Denis fell for Beth; he admits it was because she was pretty and he always sat behind her.
Cammy, Treece, and Rich try to tip over a cow but fail miserably.
The girls then proceed to tell a scary story to get the boys entranced then floor it.
They eventually crash into Denis' parents car where his parents were having sex.
The group then heads to Valli Wooly's (the shallow rich party girl) party.
Denis, feeling uninvited does not accompany the Trinity into the party but decides to enter in anyway later.
After some mishaps involving getting hit on by a fat girl, meeting the ugly girl he once made out with, he is again confronted by Kevin.
Kevin and his gang then proceed to beat Denis up in front of the entire party in the most humiliating fashion, pounding him to the beat of the song playing.
Beth then crashes Kevin's Humvee into the house itself and the group escapes.
The group heads back to the high school where Beth, Cammy, and Treece show off their cheer leading act.
After the act, the girls head to the showers and Rich and Denis follow.
Rich immediately proceeds to enter in the showers with the girls but as Denis is taking off his pants, he sees Beth get out the shower.
Rich and Denis fight off Kevin for a bit by using their wet towels to thrash them with; this they learned to do after a brutal beating Rich had in freshman year.
The group escapes in Beth's original car which Kevin used to drive down to the high school from the party.
After escaping, Beth reveals to Denis that she only came to his party because it would be "funny", leaving Denis disappointed.
Denis gets a nose bleed and Treece gives him tampons to stick up his nostrils to stop the bleeding.
Next, Beth tells Denis his shirt smells and forces him to take it off.
Beth takes his shirt and holds it out the window to "air it off"; the shirt then flies out the window.
They stop the car and Denis, in his underwear, goes to find his shirt, which he finds in a puddle of mud being eaten by a pair of raccoons.
Denis gives up his attempt at retrieval and returns to the car in only his "lucky" (meaning holey) underwear.
Beth lends him a poncho.
The gang arrives at Treece's father's cabin where they all share a drink.
Beth goes out with Denis for a smoke and to watch the moon.
They talk about their futures and the fact that Beth is resigned to the fact that her life after this is not going to get much better but that Denis has so many opportunities available to him.
Back at the cabin Cammy and Treece imply that Rich is gay.
He continues to deny he is.
So they decide to test him.
Cammy grabs a condom and they have sex, where it's revealed that he isn't gay but the two girls might be as the sex is mostly Cammy and Treece having sex with Rich just being a bystander.
They all share what they plan to do once the summer's over realizing they are going to be in the same dorm with similar majors.
Beth and Denis talk about their plans after summer, and they make out.
Beth breaks off before they go too far and Kevin and his gang show up again.
After beating up Denis a bit more they are confronted by Rich who has a rifle belonging to Treece's father.
However, before they can be driven off the rifle falls apart revealing that it was not functioning.
Kevin then forces Denis to row a boat out to the middle of the lake.
Denis hits Kevin with an oar knocking him out of the boat and unconscious.
Denis, fearing for his college admittance, jumps over and rescues Kevin revealing that he is a champion swimmer.
He pulls Kevin to shore and prepares to administer CPR.
Kevin however, recovers and subdues him yet again.
Before anything more happens, the police arrive.
Fighting stereotypes of dumb teenagers Rich, Treece and Cammy had called the police.
The police bring the whole group in.
Kevin's father forgoes charging Beth with stealing his car if they don't charge Kevin with attempting to kill Denis.
They are taken home.
Beth is dropped off at an empty house.
Beth and Denis share a moment where Denis promises to marry Beth if she isn't fat at their 10-year reunion.
On the way home, Rich reveals that he thinks he might be gay.
When they get home Denis's parents are there and inform him that he will have to be punished.
After his mom goes in, Denis tells his dad it was worth it.
His father tells him not to mention that to his mother.
In the conclusion, Denis grew seven inches in the summer and gained 40 pounds.
Rich tried being gay and didn't much like being heterosexual either and is waiting for the next thing.
Treece and Cammy decided they were just good friends and they shouldn't drink so much around each other.
Beth and Denis see each other a week before he intends to go off to school.
Chicago socialite Cynthia Drexel arranges for New York City opera star Anthony Allen to sing at a private party for a $15,000 fee but, tired of his arduous performance schedule and the silly promotional stunts devised by his agent Petroff, he flees to his hometown in New Mexico, then his secluded cabin in the Sierra Madres.
Determined to make him fulfill his commitment, Cynthia pursues him in her private plane, but he refuses to return with her, despite the efforts of her Uncle Bob and his valet Botts to convince him otherwise.
When Cynthia leaves without her suitcase, a now intrigued Anthony returns to Chicago with her belongings.
When he arrives at her home, an angry Cynthia criticizes his singing and tells him she has no romantic interest in him as she is engaged Count Raul Du Rienne.
Cynthia sues him for breach of contract, but in court Anthony argues he refused to sing for her because she does not appreciate his talent, and the case is dismissed.
Outside the courtroom, Uncle Bob tells him her betrothal to Raul is a mistake and all she needs is a good spanking to make her come to her senses.
Anthony conceals himself in a doorway, and when Cynthia walks by, he pulls her inside and proceeds to spank her.
Petroff calls a press conference at which he announces their union, and the happy couple signs their marriage license.
A tabloid reporter (Power) uses a scheme to meet Sara Farley (Tierney), a grocery-store heiress he's been writing unflattering things about.
He gets her to start talking about herself and finds her down to earth.
Tierney assumes he's going to write more lies, so she announces to the press that the two of them are married.
In trying to get the truth out, he loses his job; what follows is classic farce and the stakes escalate.
Finally, he sues her for libel and the court takes it from there.
Lance Clayton (Robin Williams) is a single father and high school English teacher.
He dreams of becoming a famous writer, but his previous novels have all been rejected by publishers.
His 15-year-old son Kyle (Daryl Sabara) is a pornography-obsessed underachiever who despises and is annoyed by everyone, especially his father.
Kyle is a student at the school where Lance teaches an unpopular poetry class.
His only friend is Andrew, a fellow student who spends his evenings at the Claytons' house trying to avoid his alcoholic mother.
Kyle's consistently poor academic performance and vile behavior gain the attention of the school principal (Geoff Pierson), who advises Lance that Kyle should transfer to a special-needs school.
Lance is in a non-committal relationship with a younger teacher named Claire (Alexie Gilmore), who is spending time with a fellow teacher named Mike (Henry Simmons), whose writing class is more successful than Lance's.
On nights when Claire cancels their dates and he is alone, Lance bonds with his elderly neighbor Bonnie (Mitzi McCall).
One night, after Kyle and Lance spend an evening with Claire, Lance discovers that Kyle has died in an autoerotic asphyxiation accident in his bedroom.
To avoid embarrassing his son, he stages Kyle’s death as a suicide.
He writes a suicide note on Kyle’s computer and hangs his son’s body in the closet.
A classmate later obtains the suicide note from police records and publishes it in the school newspaper.
The note strikes a chord with the students and faculty, and suddenly many students claim to have been friends with Kyle and are touched by how deep and intelligent he shows himself to be in his writings.
Enjoying the attention his writing is finally receiving, Lance decides to write and publish a phony journal that was supposedly written by his son before his death.
Kyle becomes something of a postmortem cult phenomenon at the school, and soon Lance begins to receive the adoration that he has always desired.
Andrew finds Kyle’s suicide note and journals as highly uncharacteristic based on Kyle's personality when he was alive, but Lance brushes him off when Andrew confronts him.
The journal soon attracts the attention of book publishers and Lance lands a television appearance on a nationally broadcast talk show.
The school principal then decides to rename the school library in Kyle’s honor.
At the library dedication, Lance finds that he can no longer live with his lie and confesses before the school.
Lance is denounced by the students and faculty, including Claire.
Lance nevertheless feels reborn and dives naked into the school's swimming pool.
Andrew tells Lance he knew the truth all along, and that he enjoyed Lance's writing.
The two of them happily watch a zombie movie with Bonnie.
Inspired by and envious of the $21 a month and free khaki britches and gold buttons of his friend Don Elbie, Snuffy Smith joins the US Army with his dog, mr Carson, concealed by an invisibility potion.
As fate would have it, his company First Sergeant is Ed Cooper, a former revenuer who had unsuccessfully attempted to locate and destroy Snuffy's still.
The clever Don Elbie has invented a new rangefinder that he hopes to have adopted by the army.
General Rosewater hopes to test the new rangefinder in war games with a rival general.
A pair of Fifth columnists hope to steal the rangefinder but are defeated by Snuffy's wife Lowizie, Snuffy's invisible dog and his hillbilly neighbours.
Barney Google and Sparkplug the horse do not appear in the film.
Shy mountain trapper Yancy (Audie Murphy) travels through Wyoming with his uncle and aunt.
After Uncle Lije (George Mitchell) is injured by a bear, Yancy is sent to trade their beaver pelts for money and supplies.
When he arrives at the trading post, he finds it has been burnt down by an Indian who was sold moonshine by a lazy sneak thief, Ben Stocker (Strother Martin).
The trading post owner tells Yancy that he will have to ride two more days to the nearest town to trade his furs.
Meanwhile, Stocker tries to trade his oldest daughter Rosalie (Sandra Dee) to Yancy for some furs.
Yancy tells him to get out of there or else.
The next day, Yancy finds that Rosalie has run away from her father and wants him to take her to town.
When they reach the town and he trades his furs, Yancy gets Rosalie some new clothes so she will be presentable to look for a job.
The sheriff, Paul (Gilbert Roland), says he will find Rosalie a job at the dance hall and Yancy believes that this will be alright.
He later finds out what goes on at the dance hall and goes to get Rosalie.
The sheriff tells him to go and Yancy has to defend himself.
Rosalie come out and follows Yancy.
The next day as Yancy is loading up to leave for the mountains Rosalie is watching him and crying.
Yancy tells her to be glad that she is staying at the general store and will be cared for by mr Forbes (Jim Backus) and his wife (Betty Harford).
In the end, uncle Lije and Yancy are heading along a trail in the mountains, with Rosalie riding on the back of Yancy’s horse.
After the end of World War II, Jean Madison (Wanda Hendrix), a former WAVE ensign, meets the former aircrew of an Army Air Corps A-20 Havoc light bomber named "Sinful Sinthia" when they go to collect their unemployment benefits.
They are all members of the "52-20 Club," a government program which pays unemployed American veterans $20 a week for 52 weeks.
Jimmy and his men "prove" to the government clerk that they are looking for work by placing an ad in the newspaper - "At liberty: combat crew.
Four specialists eager and willing to drop bombs" - and receive their checks.
The guys take Jean, whom Jimmy dubs the "Admiral", under their wing, showing her how to save money.
For example, they open bank accounts in order to receive a free ceramic piggy bank and get their $20 checks cashed, then close their accounts without having to pay a fee.
They sell the piggy banks to a pawnbroker for 25 cents each.
The gang lives free in an empty aircraft factory because Jimmy is the night watchman.
Eddie (Johnny Sands) artfully makes their furniture out of aircraft parts and other war surplus.
They get their meals discounted for being stale or in trade, as when Mike (Steve Brodie) stands in for the lifeguard at a private club.
Former taxi driver Ollie (Richard Erdman) drives them around in a sound truck from a local music store in exchange for providing advertising over a loudspeaker.
All the while, Jean is secretly followed by a private detective.
When Jean learns that her fiancé Henry is returning to the United States, but has not even so much as mentioned her, she becomes upset and decides to get on a bus and go home to Walla Walla.
Meanwhile, Jimmy is summoned to the office of Peter Pedigrew (Rudy Vallee), the "Jukebox King".
It was Pedigrew who hired the private detective.
He threatens to put the men to work, ending their idyllic lifestyle, unless they keep Jean from leaving for 24 hours.
Pedigrew later explains that his ex-wife Shirley (Hillary Brooke) intends to marry Henry.
Pedigrew wants to remarry Shirley (again) because, after two expensive divorces, she has most of his money, and he needs capital desperately to expand his business.
Also, he is still irresistibly attracted to her, despite her being "so beautifully wicked".
So, he wants the crew to help get Henry back together with Jean.
Jimmy reluctantly agrees.
Jimmy races to the bus and gets Jean to stay by lying to her about Henry.
As they spend time together, Jean discovers that the men are living with a dark secret.
Jimmy feels guilty for Mike's injuries when their airplane crashed during the war.
Jimmy, the former head of an employment agency, will not rest until all his crewmen have resolved things.
Jimmy even takes Mike's place in a boxing match, since the injuries could kill Mike, though Jimmy has never been inside a ring in his life before.
In the end, Pedigrew catches up with Shirley, Henry comes for Jean, and Eddie realizes he needs to go home to find out if his girlfriend will love him, even if he is poor.
Finally, Pedigrew agrees to set up Mike and Ollie in business.
So, that only leaves Jimmy, who by now is in love with the Admiral.
When the unseen Henry finally knocks on her door, she leaves it locked in favor of Jimmy.
Successful novelist and playboy Owen Waterbury (Kirk Douglas) hires aspiring writer Stephanie 'Steve' Gaylord (Laraine Day) as his secretary; a dream come true for Steve who admires Owen and his work.
Steve soon finds out that the egomaniacal Owen has gone through a series of secretaries who have left when they are fed up with his behaviour.
He is constantly in debt and cannot begin to write a contracted novel that will pay his bills including a lucrative advance by his publisher.
Steve perseveres until the novel, based on the events of Steve's life and that mentions a character based on his publisher shown in an unflattering light, is refused publication.
Owen claims he cannot have a wife and a secretary so fires his wife and goes back to his old ways, hiring an admiring and attractive female to be his secretary.
In the meantime Steve takes Owen's rejected manuscript to her former companion, Charles Harris (Rudy Vallee), who is a major publisher.
Harris, who now employs Elsie (Helen Walker), Owen's former secretary before Steve, also asks to see Steve's manuscript.
Harris finds Owen's manuscript interesting but ordinary, but believes Steve's manuscript to be not only worthy of publication but a serious candidate for literary prizes.
Steve initially refuses publication due to hurting Owen's fragile ego but soon changes her mind because of the philandering.
She hires an attractive male secretary and the two writers compete with each other.
Absent-minded department store owner Henry Butler (Harry Langdon), forgetting his wedding anniversary ends up working late and missing the surprise anniversary party thrown by his wife, Effie, Betty Blythe.
Trying to get away from work, he ends up being seen with a mannequin, which he is trying to get repaired.
A friend of his wife who sees it, think it’s a blonde girl Henry is having an affair with.
Others call the police, reporting a murdered woman.
Henry gets picked up by the police and kept for interrogation until the wee hours of the morning; but his troubles are just starting.
Effie has overheard the gossip spread amongst her party guests; and seeing Henry come home with one of the mannequin's shoes and blonde hair on his clothes fears the worst.
She is urged on by her friend, Grace Norman (Esther Muir) and an unscrupulous lawyer, Gilbert Wayne (Gayne Whitman) to file for a divorce.
Henry and Effie both have their own lawyers who advise that since neither one will leave the family home they need witnesses that the couple are living apart to facilitate the divorce proceedings, and due to Henry's alleged violent temper Effie's lawyer also demands she have a bodyguard, a thug named Gooch who stays at the home.
When Effie decides to stop the divorce, a little scene staged by the lawyer, with his girlfriend, Nan, posing as the blonde Henry was supposedly seeing, convinces her otherwise.
It is only then that the live in witnesses, her niece Jane Luana Walters and Henry's friend Bob Grant, Bob Byrd notice that the shoe Henry brought back that night is about a size four; too small for Nan.
Jane also picks up that Gooch and Nan seem to recognise each other and trick Gooch into calling Nan where they overhear her location on an extension phone and get the truth out of her.
A drunken Henry drags the mannequin, Carole (for Carole Lombard), all over town; only to meet the police, Effie and her lawyer waiting for him at home.
Boris Plots, is director of Plots Funeral Home in the fictional Welsh village of Wrottin Powys, His rival Frank Featherbed, an American, is determined to revolutionise the undertaking business in Britain through the innovation of "themed funerals".
Boris Plots dreamed of only two things as a young boy: dancing and Betty Rhys-Jones.
Betty secretly loved Boris, but could not fight her father's wishes, so she was married off to a gold digger.
Boris gave up his dreams and took over the family's undertaking businessWhen Betty's mother-in-law dies, Boris and Betty are thrust together again and as they discuss the funeral arrangements for Betty's mother-in-law, the old spark is rekindledBoris discovers that the only obstacle between their love for one another, is her marriage to the adulterous Councilor Hugh Rhys-Jones.
In a desperate bid for happiness Boris and Betty decide to stage her death and run away together.
England, 1710.
A woman disguises herself as a man and joins up with the Duke of Marlborough's army in Flanders to find her missing husband.
Two truck drivers from Brooklyn travel to Mexico to deliver an elephant named "Bunny", but they have lost the address of where Bunny is to be delivered to.
Adopting the elephant as their own, the two stumble into a traveling carnival headed by Alberto Cordoba and his daughter Nita.
The carnival is destitute and menaced by loan sharks.
The two Americans sell Bunny to the carnival to replace their recently departed flea circus but agree not to accept their payment until the carnival regains its fortune thanks to Bunny and Brooklyn "ballyhoo".
The loan sharks attempt a variety of dirty tricks against the gringos.
The title comes from a furious Nita turning a compressed air pellet firing machine gun carnival attraction on the Americans.
Aging New York cabbie James Flanagan (Philip Bosco) still hopes to succeed in becoming a stage actor.
Leslie Wright (Queen Latifah) is a straight-shooting physical therapist and die-hard basketball fan who is tired of being a guy's best friend or as Morgan called her the "homegirl" type.
She and her god-sister, Morgan (Paula Patton), are living together; Morgan dreams of becoming an NBA trophy wife.
After a New Jersey Nets basketball game, Leslie helps star player Scott McKnight (Common), at a gas station.
He offers to open her door for her, but the task proves difficult as the door to her old car is stiff and hard to open.
She has a dent in the side of her door that she refuses to get fixed because her grandfather gave her the car and he had a dimple in his left cheek just like the car.
He invites her to his birthday party, where she shows up with Morgan.
He meets Morgan and suddenly takes an interest in her.
After a quick relationship, Scott proposes to her.
At the 2009 NBA All-Star Game, Scott suffers an injury that could possibly ruin his career (along with the rumor explained below).
Morgan suggests that he enlist the help of Leslie, since she did not approve of his previous gorgeous physical therapist, so Leslie moves into their home.
Rumors circle that Scott's career would end quickly if he did not recover by the playoffs, which causes Morgan to leave Scott through a letter.
Scott becomes extremely upset, discouraged to continue recovery.
Leslie encourages him and helps him get back in the game, the two of them spending a lot of time together.
Scott is able to return to the NBA right before the playoffs, winning his first game back.
Leslie and Scott decide to spend a romantic evening together, but Leslie wakes up to Morgan at Scott's door hoping to reconcile.
Leslie quickly moves out as Scott and Morgan reunite.
Because Leslie helped Scott recover in such a short amount of time, many teams offered her the position as an athletic trainer.
Most likely to make the Sixers her new team, Scott quickly stops her when he realizes that he is in love with her.
They are shown a year later, with Leslie working as one of the Nets team athletic trainers and she and Scott are now married.
The story starts in the small town of Carvel, where the honorable judge Hardy (Lewis Stone) and his wife Emily (Fay Holden) eagerly await their son's return from the military.
Andy (Mickey Rooney) has received an honorable discharge from the Army after a service of two years.
His parents are unaware of the fact that Andy is looking to get back with his college sweetheart Kay (Bonita Granville).
One day soon after Andy's homecoming, his mother Emily observes him looking at store window displays of wedding rings and baby clothing, and suspects that her son must be in love.
Emily's suspicions are soon confirmed when Andy, who usually has had an eye for girls, barely notices the very attractive singer, Isobel Gonzales (Lina Romay), when they are introduced.
Isabel is a regular singer at the Carvel country club, and when Andy comes there and they are introduced to each other, she falls in love with him.
Andy, however, isn't smitten by Isabel in the same way, still preoccupied with thinking about his college sweetheart.
Andy wants to return to Wainwright college to finish his studies and meet his sweetheart as soon as possible.
Andy is very determined though, to keep the romance a secret form his parents.
When Andy is with his parents visiting the country club, he finds out there is a telegram, sent by Kay, that is supposed to be delivered to him at his parents house.
He panics, and in a desperate attempt to hide it from his parents, he makes up an excuse to leave the club to help out a friend.
He convinces a friend to cover for him and spread a fake story about a broken water faucet.
But in reality he rushes home to the house and intercepts the telegram before anyone else get to see it.
A series of unfortunate events take place from this moment on.
Andy is about to take a shower at the house when he realises that the water is switched off.
He goes outside in his robe to switch it on, when the front door shuts behind him and locks automatically.
Andy is stranded outside in the garden, and has to wait in the shrubbery until his parents arrive home from the country club.
Before he has a chance to get inside the house again, a passing police man discovers him hiding in the bushes.
The police man doesn't believe Andy's story when he tries to explain his business in the garden, and insists on taking him inside to get a confirmation from his parents.
Emily is upset with her son's recent erratic behaviour and blames the fact that he is blinded by love.
She forces her husband to talk with his son and straighten him out on the subject of choosing the right kind of woman.
Andy confesses his plan to ask Kay to marry him when he comes back to college.
His parents don't approve of this plan and decide to follow him to Wainwright - to keep an eye on him and keep him away from his sweetheart.
The president of the school council, Duke Johnson (Hal Hackett), offers Andy the honor of being chairman of the freshman dance as soon as he gets back to the college.
Andy accepts the offer, but finds out soon after that Kay cannot attend the dance.
Because of a family emergency she is required to go home to her legal guardian, Dane Kittridge (Dick Simmons).
Duke understands that Andy is in need of a date at the dance, so he sets up with a girl named Coffy Smith (Dorothy Ford), who is a great deal taller than Andy, making him look ridiculous beside her.
Andy is quite embarrassed by their appearance together, but soon warms up to the bigger girl and they become good friends.
Andy is shocked however, when Kay comes back to Wainwright and tells him that she has fallen in love with her guardian Dane, and that she is planning on marrying him the very next day.
Andy is heartbroken, but as a sign of good faith he nevertheless agrees to be Kay's best man at the wedding.
When the wedding is over Andy makes plans to go to South America and forget his sorrows, but his father talks to him and convinces him to go back to Wainwright and complete his degree.
In New York, the East Side youth gang, consisting of Muggs McGinnis (Leo Gorcey), Danny Collins (Bobby Jordan), Glimpy Stone (Huntz Hall), Scruno (Ernest Morrison), Skinny (Bill Lawrence), and Peewee (David Gorcey), are falsely arrested on the wharf because the truck they are playing in was stolen.
They are remanded to Wilton Reform School, where Muggs, the wise-cracking leader of the gang, is dubbed "Mr.
Wise Guy" by the brutal guard Jed Miller (Dick Ryan).
Jim Barnes (Jack Mulhall), the new warden, reassures Danny's older brother Bill (Douglas Fowley), who has bad memories of the school from when he served as a guard there, that his testimony describing the place's cruelty eventually resulted in the dismissal of the former warden and the adoption of gentler rules.
Bill is given a tour of the school by Barnes's secretary, Ann Mitchell (Joan Barclay), and later takes her out to dinner.
That night, while Bill buys cigarettes in a drugstore, escaped convict Luke Manning (Guinn Williams) robs the place and murders the clerk.
Manning takes Bill hostage in his car and forces him to lead the police on a chase.
Manning escapes when Bill crashes the car, and Bill is later convicted of robbery and murder and sentenced to execution.
In the reform school, the boys have been battling with two toughs, "Rice Pudding" Charlie(Gabriel Dell) and Chalky Jones (Bobby Stone), but when Barnes witnesses Miller encouraging a fistfight, he demands Miller's resignation.
Chalky tries to get the kids in trouble by informing Barnes of their plans to run away, but in an effort to establish a code of honor, Barnes punishes Chalky for being an informer.
When Muggs and his pals see newsreel footage of a man and woman accepting the winnings from a lottery, they recognize the man as Knobby (Billy Gilbert), the driver of the stolen truck.
They link Knobby to Manning based on information given to them by Charlie, who is Manning's nephew.
Armed with information that could prove Bill's innocence, the boys escape from the reform school and go to the apartment of Dorothy Melton (Ann Doran), the woman from the newsreel.
The kids hold the pair, who had been planning to leave town with the lottery money which actually belongs to Manning, who was afraid of being seen.
Manning appears at Dorothy's apartment to demand his money and hits Dorothy for double-crossing him with Knobby.
Before the situation can worsen, the police arrive and arrest the criminals.
Bill gets a reprieve from the governor, and Ann and the boys see him off as he reports for active military duty.
A very expensive necklace, also known as "Czarina's Tears," are robbed from Phelps's jewelry shop.
The next morning Phelps (Granville Bates) orders insurance company manager Ridgeway (Andrew Tombes) to retrieve it.
Ridgeway is convinced that Phelps' insurance policy has not been renewed, as he doesn't think Phelps deserves it.
But his young secretary Miss Harrison (Patricia Ellis) had renewed it automatically about a month before.
So Ridgeway has to solve the problem.
Lieutenant Eckhard (William Demarest) enters the scene and demands that Ridgeway leave the case entirely to the police.
But Ridgeway has his private investigator Drake (Donald Woods).
Drake meets singer Lily Lamont (Grace Bradley) in a nightclub and makes her speak to mr Cooper (Craig Reynolds), who acts as if he didn't knew her.
But in fact as Drake leaves them, they speak as good acquainted people.
In the meantime Drake goes into the apartment of Cooper's apartment to search for the necklace.
Cooper discovers him, and Drake manages to find the necklace even though Cooper tries to disguise him.
Enthusiastic he returns to Ridgeway, collects his fee of $10,000, which makes the lieutenant be even more sour about him, and leaves very happy.
Soon Phelps arrives expecting to find his Czarina necklace, but it's only an imitation.
Ridgeway has to leave for the train station and Miss Harris reacts very fast and follows him as she gets to know that the case is not solved.
A chase first at the train station, then in the train, finally at a family in the middle of nowhere leads them - Drake and Miss Higgins - to find the true necklace, and with it between the two a romantic story has evolved.
They manage to return in time into the office of Ridgeway, pretending that nothing happened, while the true necklace is going to be handed over to Phelps.
The Police Lieutenant is the idiot of the wit and has to hand over the phony necklace, while Dale shows with her eyes where the true one is lying.
Her love, Barry Drake can hand over the true "Czarina's Tears" necklace, Whitey is proud of his master, and Dale and Barry have a lunch engagement at the wedding license office.
"Doll Face" Carroll is an entertainer looking to expand her reportoire.
After a failed audition, where she is recognized as a burlesque performer from the Gaiety Theatre, her manager and fiancé Mike Hannegan suggest she writes an autobiography to project a more literate image and he hires Frederick Manly Gerard as a ghostwriter.
Doll Face agrees on the condition she is allowed to dedicate the book to Mike with "For the love of Mike".
Another performer in the burlesque show, Chita Chula, remarks that if the book is a success and Doll Face leaves the show it will probably have to close down.
Mike then decides to produce a Broadway show of his own with the financial aid of the performers themselves.
Frederick offers to put up any money missing.
Chita Chula (portrayed by Carmen Miranda) is skeptical she can pull it off, but Mike assures her she'll "probably wound up being another Carmen Miranda.
", something Chita Chula perceives as an insult.
Mike leaks word on the book to the press and, riding the publicity, argues the show got all the press it needs and that the book, although all but finished, needs not to be published.
Doll Face, however, decides to go through with it and goes to Jamaica with Frederick for some final touch-ups.
Boat engine trouble leaves them marooned on an island and, when Mike finds them, he misreads the situation and breaks up with her.
Without "Doll Face" as headliner, the Gayety Theatre struggles and Mike is forced to finally shut it down.
Doll Face releases her book The Genius DeMilo and when Mike sees she dedicated the book to Frederick instead of him, he regrets leaving her.
After Doll Face refuses to talk to Mike, he sends a lawyer to stop her show in the middle of opening night, since she is under contract not to appear in any show not produced by him.
She agrees to see him and he asks her forgiveness.
After they reunite, she tricks the producer of her show to give Mike a 25% share and co-producer credit so the show can continue.
The film is based on the 1943 play The Naked Genius written by Gypsy Rose Lee.
A heartthrob singer, Tony Paige, also known as "America's Boyfriend" decides to wed a Swedish actress.
His manager doesn't want this because he is afraid of Tony losing female fans so he takes up a 300 thousand dollar insurance policy if Tony does in fact wed.
Tony soon meets a girl named June Delaney on a bus who doesn't swoon over him like other girls.
He falls for her but doesn't know her true identity.
The town of Pitchfork, Arkansas makes national headlines when Esmeralda the sow gives birth to 18 piglets.
Among the visitors to Pitchfork are a troupe of showgirls hoping to entertain the visitors and a folk music group returning to their home after their touring is through.
In addition to the artists a meat packing company sends two men to investigate what made Esmeralda give birth to so many piglets and to bring the secret back to increase meat production.
Elizabeth Gilbert had everything a modern woman is supposed to dream of having - a husband, a house, a successful career – yet like so many others, she found herself lost, confused, and searching for what she really wanted in life.
Newly divorced and at a crossroads, Gilbert steps out of her comfort zone, risking everything to change her life, embarking on a journey around the world that becomes a quest for self-discovery.
In her travels, she discovers the true pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy, the power of prayer in India, and, finally and unexpectedly, the inner peace and balance of true love in Indonesia.
Like Romeo and Juliet, next door neighbours David Conway and Carol Harrison are deeply in love with each other  though their fathers have been feuding for a lifetime.
With David due to go to the Alaskan Territory for engineering work for the United States Government, the pair decide to elope.
David gets his best friend, Carol's brother Bob to witness their wedding at a Justice of the Peace in a neighbouring town using Millie, who has an infatuation with Bob to drive them to the town in her car and act as another witness.
Arriving at the Justice of the Peace, their wedding has to be delayed as state law requires the couple to post banns of marriage in the local newspaper for three days prior to the wedding.
Returning to their own town, David prepares the banns to be published as soon as possible and goes to the local town hall to obtain his birth certificate for his government posting.
The clerks discover that due to the fathers of Bob and David fighting when the children were born, the two infants were mixed at the hospital with David being a Harrison and Bob being a Conway.
Not only is Carol set to marry her brother, but the intention to do so faces a fifteen year prison sentence.
Eddie Tayloe (Madison) is a reporter assigned to the Ft.
Worth desk of a Dallas newspaper, and as the two neighboring cities are feuding, therefore has nothing to do.
He dreams of becoming a New York City playwright, and a small inheritance from his grandfather gives him his chance.
Quitting his job, he begins the long drive.
Picking up hitchhiker Perry Denklin (Lynn), also looking for fame and fortune in New York, he shares with her encounters with various eccentric characters.
The big city does not work out for either of them, and when Eddie finds Perry working in a Coney Island girlie show, he pulls her out and they find happiness together, buying a ranch back in Texas.
After drunkenly carousing on the town, idle playboy Jonathan Blair (Herbert Marshall) wakes up to find that Texan Valentine Ransome (Barbara Stanwyck) has spent the night in his mansion.
He remembers little of the night and knows little about his houseguest.
Valentine is attracted to Jonathan and sets out first to reform and then to marry him, explaining to her horse-breaking uncle Sam (Frank Thomas) that she intends to "slip a bit in his mouth and make him like it".
In her way is Jonathan's girlfriend, actress Carol Wallace (Glenda Farrell).
Jonathan is dismayed to discover that his neglected family shipping firm is in dire trouble, and that he will not be receiving his usual check, leaving him broke.
Valentine decides to use this news to ignite his ambition.
She buys up controlling interest in the company and moves into his home as the new tenant.
When he discovers the identity of the new owner, he wrongly assumes she went out with him solely to learn what she could about the company.
Furious, he tells her that he will fight to get the company back, but later, to his valet, Butch (Eric Blore), he admits he is beaten, as nobody will lend him the money he needs to make the attempt.
Butch, who approves of Valentine, informs her of this.
She makes Jonathan vice president, but he visits the office only to inform her that Carol has asked him to marry her, and that he has accepted.
That afternoon, Valentine tries her best to disrupt the ceremony (with the help of noisy bearded window washers), presided over by an increasingly frustrated justice of the peace (Donald Meek).
Finally, Sam Ransome bursts in and declares that Carol is the mother of his children.
The wedding is off, but one of the guests (Etienne Girardot) recognizes Sam and informs Jonathan.
The next day, Jonathan outlines to the firm's receivership board his bold new plan to get the company back on its financial feet.
The board members vote to accept his scheme and return control of the business to him.
Valentine is pleased by his display of initiative and drive.
until he tells her that the wedding with Carol is back on.
In desperation, Butch produces a forged marriage certificate showing that Valentine and Jonathan are husband and wife.
Carol leaves in a huff.
After Butch informs Valentine of the deception, she continues the masquerade, much to Jonathan's discomfort.
When Butch confesses the truth to Jonathan, however, the tables are turned.
She flees from her suddenly amorous "husband".
However, at the train station, they make peace and get married for real.
Hank Salko (Gabriel Dell), a member of the Eastside youth gang in New York, is initiated into the world of adult crime when two gangsters, Mike (Joe Kirk) and Butch Brocalli (Maxie Rosenbloom), hire him to stand watch while they rob a bank.
When Hank tries to share some of his ill-gotten money with the East Side Kids, they suspend him from the club, and Hank is then arrested by Joe Reagan (Roger Pryor), the local policeman.
While playing baseball in the street, the Kids accidentally send a ball crashing through the window of the apartment in which Butch and Mike are hiding.
Butch emerges and refuses to give the ball back, so Danny (Bobby Jordan) runs after him.
When Joe recognizes Butch, he chases him and Danny trips the criminal, who is then arrested along with Mike.
Danny is awarded $200 for capturing the criminals and plans to buy baseball uniforms for his friends.
They are unaware of his plans, however, and, thinking he is keeping the money to be selfish, steal it from him and ban him from the club.
Danny's sister Ruth (Gale Storm) calls Joe, who is her boyfriend, and he has the Kids arrested for thievery.
The arrest deepens the Kids's resentment of Danny, even though Danny insists that they be released.
Once free, the Kids buy an old car with the $200.
A month later, Hank breaks out of jail with Butch and Mike and warns Mugs (Leo Gorcey), the leader of the Eastside Kids, and the rest of the group that the gangsters are after Danny for getting them arrested.
The gang responds immediately out of deeply rooted loyalty for their friend, but are too late and find him severely beaten in a warehouse, where Butch and Mike have left him.
When they learn that only ace brain surgeon Ormsby (Walter Woolf King) can save their friend, they go to Ormsby's house and plead for their friend's life, offering their beat-up jalopy as payment.
Ormsby is touched by their concern and agrees to forego a conference in order to operate on Danny.
The surgery is successful and Ormsby refrains from charging for it, but Danny does not rally to recover.
Joe reveals to the East Side Kids Danny's real intentions for the $200, and the remorseful boys go to his bedside and, after inviting him back into the club, urge him to recover.
Ruth is later taken hostage at her apartment by Butch and Mike, but the gang sneaks into the apartment and attacks the thugs.
Hank is instrumental in knocking Mike out, and after the gangsters are arrested, Hank is released from his sentence.
The East Side Kids reunite in Danny's hospital room with the new baseball uniforms that they bought after selling the car.
Newspaper reporter "Scoops" (Brown) is sent out on assignment, to investigate the failed assassination attempts on Archduke Julio (Harry Davenport).
Trying to get the story, he runs into Jane Hamilton (Helen Mack) who is really Princess Helen.
He doesn't realize that she is the story: a princess in exile, in danger of assassination; and, falling in love with "Scoops", while engaged to a prince.
The film ends with a wild chase and a shootout with machine guns.
The question is, who will survive to tell the tale.
Secretary Mirabel Miller (Frances Dee) wins a lottery and decides to live it up in a luxurious New York hotel (The Walsdorf-Plaza), where she clashes with a bellboy (Francis Lederer) who is more than he appears to be.
A French-Canadian girl is a champion bronc rider and is also a nightclub singer.
An ambitious young man sees her act one night and is struck by her talent, realizing that she is good enough to become a Broadway star.
He convinces her to accompany him to New York, where she indeed does become a Broadway star.
However, the young man finds himself being squeezed out by greedy Broadway producers who see the talented young girl as their own personal gold mine.
Jaded playboy Richard Fleming travels to the South American nation of Rosarita.
Through his motorcycle riding guide Roberto he discovers true love and a career as a Yerba mate exporter.
Prior to leaving for Haiti, two sisters and their godfather/legal advisor are having a holiday in New Orleans.
The fun loving Clarice goes out for a night on the town for their Mardi Gras as sensible conservative Paula and Godfather Burton Williams remain home and prepare for their journey.
Clarice comes back in the early morning in a state of drunkenness.
Before she passes out she reveals she married the equally drunk wealthy playboy Stephen Cormack during the night.
Clarice has forgotten that she is already married to gigolo Michael Andrews.
Cormack's solicitor visits Paula as Clarice is asleep and unseen.
Used to Cormack's matrimonial antics, he offeres Paula a large sum of money to divorce Cormack, as he thinks Paula is Clarice.
Burton and Paula confer on the matter and discover that Clarice faces a minimum of ten years in prison for bigamy if the marriage is revealed.
Paula has to impersonate Clarice until Burton can have the marriage of Clarice and Michael annulled.
Burton and Paula travel to New York City where both Cormack, his two children and Michael live.
Burton hatches a plan with Michael for him to portray a lover of Paula posing as Clarice to anger Cormack.
The scheming Michael demands payment for his efforts, then on meeting Cormack's spoiled two children who wish to break up their father's marriage tells them he will break up the marriage if they pay him $30,000 with $15,000 up front.
Skilled in financial matters, Paula is able to acquire the $15,000 the children want without asking what the amount is for.
Over time, Paula keeps her virtue and the secret of her real identity intact, but Cormack's children begin to like her and want her to be their mother.
Cormack gets into a brawl with Michael over Paula, posing as Clarice.
However, the real Clarice arrives back with the news that her marriage with Michael is annulled.
Clarice sues Cormack and asks for a divorce thus leaving Cormack and Paula to be together.
Sammy Smalls, a 21-year-old tomboy, works as a grocery store detective at Big Apple Food Town.
She tracks down shoplifters and transfers them to her boss Dirk, who beats up the shoplifters as punishment.
Sammy dislikes her job, but she can't quit, as she would have to move back in with her overbearing parents.
Sammy meets and becomes infatuated with Eugene Zaslavsky, an equally quirky musician who performs outside her grocery store.
The two develop a friendship that culminates into a disastrous one-night stand.
Eugene, unimpressed by Sammy’s immaturity and sexual inexperience, suggests they maintain an open relationship.
Sammy concocts a plan to gain sexual experience to impress Eugene which leads her into many sexual misadventures.
"Reggie" (Roland Young), the carefree Marquis of Buckminster, is happy to serve as best man at his friends' weddings, but loathes the idea of getting married himself.
However, his grandmother (Kate Cutler), the Dowager Marchioness of Buckminster, is impatient for him to have children and gives him an ultimatum: find a wife or she will cut off his allowance.
She gives him a list of half a dozen or so candidates she has handpicked.
At the head of the list are the twin daughters of the Earl of Stokeshire (George Grossmith, Jr), Lady Mary Rose (Wendy Barrie) and Lady Rose Mary (Joan Gardner).
Observing his discomfort with interest is the Marchioness's secretary and companion, Miss Hutchinson (Merle Oberon, in her first credited role).
Reggie had been seeing a beautiful married woman, mrs Dryden (Diana Napier), but faced with poverty, he gives in.
He flips a coin to decide between the twins, but finds (to his relief) that both already have beaus, "Bimbo" (John Loder) and "Tootles" (Maurice Evans).
However, the young ladies have been reluctant to approach their status-conscious father, as their sweethearts are commoners.
Reggie comes up with the idea to save himself from marriage by getting all his grandmother's candidates engaged, starting with the twins.
He helps the two couples by leaking the story of their engagements to the press, forcing the earl to (reluctantly) accept the situation.
The guests spend the days leading up to the dual wedding at the earl's country estate, affording Reggie the opportunity to successfully play matchmaker for the rest of the women on his list.
One night, he finds Miss Hutchinson alone and crying; he guesses she is having romantic problems of her own and advises her to look her man straight in the eye and have it out.
Later, she takes his advice.
and confronts him.
Reggie then discovers he is not so opposed to marriage after all.
All is complete when the Marchioness herself accepts the proposal of a longtime admirer, Major Harry Roxbury (Morton Selten).
The plot centers on a charismatic radio talk show host, Tom Avery (Bruce Greenwood), and his "mermaid researcher" girlfriend Fay (Emilia Fox).
Tom has had a turbulent past with relationships and has had three divorces before the age of 40.
Many of Tom's ex-wives turn out to be friends of Fay's.
Fay is the opposite from Tom and has an overly high expectation of the men she dates; she expects perfection and wants to emulate her parents' rock-solid marriage.
One day, it turns out that Fay's parents' marriage is not as perfect as it seemed and it breaks down suddenly, after 40 years of "wedded bliss".
Fay panics and feels insecure in her own relationship and forces Tom to go to great efforts to convince the woman who has become his fiancée that their relationship is different and that they are meant for each other.
A successful Manhattan couple, lawyer Paul Michael Morgan (Hugh Grant) and estate agent Meryl Judith Morgan (Sarah Jessica Parker), are separated due to Paul's infidelity.
After dinner one night, Meryl and Paul witness the murder of one of Meryl's real estate clients.
As a result, they become targets of contract killer Vincent (Michael Kelly) and must enter the Witness Protection Program.
Paul and Meryl are relocated to the small town of Ray, Wyoming and placed temporarily under the protection of husband and wife/sheriff and deputy, Clay and Emma Wheeler (Sam Elliot and Mary Steenburgen).
For their own safety, they are permitted no outside contact via telephone or e-mail.
They have trouble adjusting to small-town life, but after a perilous encounter with a bear and awkward attempts at shooting rifles, chopping wood, and horseback riding, they eventually adjust and begin assisting the local citizens professionally.
Meanwhile, neither of their assistants back in New York know their whereabouts.
Vincent plants a bug at Meryl's office and in her assistant Jackie's purse, hoping to gain information, which is eventually successful.
Jackie attempts to call Meryl but Paul's assistant Adam stops her by kissing her, which she responds to by tasering him.
Paul and Meryl go on a "date" in town and begin to reconcile, but then Paul is hurt when he learns that Meryl had a one-night stand with one of their acquaintances during their separation.
The next day, with Vincent in town unbeknownst to them, the Morgans anticipate leaving Ray for a permanent hiding place.
The Wheelers invite them to a rodeo, but the Morgans are at loggerheads, so they decline.
Leaving the Morgans without any form of security, the Wheelers leave for the rodeo.
Vincent tries to attack the house but is accosted by a bear, which gives the Morgans time to escape.
They flee on horseback to the rodeo to seek help.
Vincent follows them to the rodeo, they spot him and hide in a bull suit.
However, they end up in the ring with a bull, which then charges them, injuring Meryl.
Meryl, unable to walk, stays hidden from Vincent while Paul impulsively confronts him with a canister of bear repellent spray.
Paul accidentally sprays himself in the face, alerting Vincent who then holds Paul at gun-point.
The Morgans are rescued by the Wheelers and their new friends from the town.
Six months later, Paul and Meryl have repaired their marriage.
They have an adopted baby girl from China, named Rae in honor of the Wyoming town, and Meryl is pregnant with their biological child.
Jackie and Adam are dating.
Boulevardier Sir Nicholas Thormonde (Lew Cody) has to choose between his mistress Suzette (Renée Adorée) and his virtuous secretary Alathea (Harriet Hammond) in wartime Paris.
Taylor Worth is a devastatingly handsome and charming weatherman for a Philadelphia television station.
A confirmed bachelor, he sees a lot of women and gains the envy of his closest friends.
One of them, Ned Broudy, offers Taylor a wager, that he cannot get three randomly chosen women to fall in love with him over a three-month period of time and accept a proposal of marriage.
Taylor takes the bet, putting up his weekend cabin against a valuable painting that Ned and Clair Broudy own.
Clair knows nothing of the bet, so she is pleased when her husband fixes up Taylor with her friend Veronica Briskow, a concert pianist.
Ned is sure that the haughty Veronica will have nothing in common with a shallow TV weatherman, but Taylor does find a way to attract her interest.
The remaining two women Taylor must persuade to fall in love with him are Erin Cooper, a sexy Philadelphia Eagles receptionist, and Eleanor Larimore, an attractive older woman.
The choice of Eleanor is a dirty trick on Ned's part, inasmuch as she is already married.
Eager to teach Ned a lesson, Taylor quickly seduces Erin, then proposes marriage to her in front of a hidden TV camera.
This causes jealousy in her protective friend Tarry Childs, who plays for the football team, but he wants Erin to be happy.
And although Taylor doesn't have many scruples, he refuses to sleep with Erin after learning she is still a virgin.
His next mission is Eleanor.
It turns out she is unsatisfied at home and a willing participant when Taylor flirts with her while posing as a shoe salesman, engaging him in dangerous sex in public places.
She, too, accepts Taylor's secretly filmed marriage proposal -- two down and one to go.
Veronica won't be easy.
She is career-minded and not eager for marriage.
Plus the sex between her and Taylor is surprisingly disappointing so far.
The more time they spend together, though, Taylor realizes he doesn't want to lose Veronica after the wager is won.
He proposes at his cabin and she accepts.
Clair is delighted, Ned devastated.
Then the real trouble begins.
Taylor first needs to break it off with Erin, disappointing her desire to start a family, which he does by pretending to be impotent.
Eleanor, alas, is enjoying her improved sex life and brags about it openly to Clair and Veronica.
It becomes clear that three women are seeing the same man.
Taylor is dumped by his fiancees.
Erin finds solace in the arms of her football player while Eleanor takes pleasure in Taylor's humiliation at being exposed for what he really is, but Veronica is genuinely heartbroken.
A broken man, Taylor tells his friend Ned to forget the bet.
As a grand gesture, he makes a public apology to Veronica at a benefit auction in a giant hall, expressing his love and his desire to be with her for everybody to hear.
New York cartoonist Duffy Bergman marries gourmet chef Meg Lloyd.
Meg wants to have a baby.
Duffy agrees, but after unsuccessful attempts, Duffy encourages her to focus on her career and come back to the child issue later.
After his mother's death, however, Duffy becomes fixated on wanting to have a child.
Meg no longer sees this as a priority, as she's trying to open her own restaurant.
The two start to have marital problems, leading to a separation.
Duffy travels to Arizona to speak at a Delta Gamma sorority convention.
He explains that the Delta Gammas have always been his dream girls—his Love Goddesses.
There he meets the much younger Daphne Delillo, and when she moves to New York to work as a network sports reporter, their attraction develops into a relationship.
Daphne becomes pregnant.
Duffy is happy to father a child, but uncomfortable with how fast this relationship is progressing.
When she has a miscarriage, Daphne breaks up with him, believing that they were really staying in the relationship for the baby.
At his father's wedding, Duffy hears news about Meg and decides to go to her restaurant.
He tries to reconcile with her, insisting that he doesn't care if they remain childless as long as he can be with her.
Duffy discovers that Meg has adopted a baby boy.
Drue Van Allen (Stanwyck) plays the daughter of a general, in love with a Communist agitator.
The general arranges for her to be taken off to Mexico against her will.
Determined to return to Washington, she falls in with a rowdy soldier (Young) who more-or-less accidentally goes AWOL, crosses the border in a stolen military vehicle, and kidnaps an easy-going traveler (Edwards) to hide in his homemade trailer.
The Frankenstein Brothers is a coming of age romantic comedy centered on the lives of twin brothers Luke and Corey Frankenstein in the months following college graduation.
Orphaned at the age of five, the brothers inherited their family brewery -- the real-life Left Hand Brewing Company -- and were left in the care of their uncle, a well-meaning but less than ideal paternal figure.
Raised on beer, with the assumption they’re all grown up, Luke and Corey decide it’s time to finish their family beer; a beer their parents started but were never able to finish twenty years ago.
But when the idealistic Luke meets a girl whose family shows him the home life he's always wanted, he abandons Corey and their family beer in pursuit of this budding relationship.
Corey, however, refuses to go down without a fight, and the ensuing mayhem that follows pits brother against brother and forces the Colorado wild boys to finally grow up and decide what kind of men they really want to be.
Michael Ashburn (Derrick De Marney) is the chief assistant to Rufus Trent (Cecil Kellaway), a wealthy London loan broker.
Michael is socially prominent, but works for a living.
He is engaged to Trent's daughter, Roberta (Lilian Bond).
The match had been engineered primarily by the socially-ambitious mrs Trent (Cecil Cunningham).
As Michael is closing the shop late one afternoon, a man named Douglas (Olaf Hytten) takes out a large loan, using earrings worn by his niece, Julie (Joan Fontaine), as a deposit.
He scurries right off with the money but, to his dismay, Michael finds that the earrings are fastened to Julie's ears and cannot be removed.
He now has to keep guard of her until Douglas returns with the money.
Julie wants to go somewhere warm for the night.
He hails a policeman to have her put in a jail cell so that she's kept somewhere safe, but when the cop arrives, she tricks him into arresting Michael instead.
She manages to swipe Michael's house key and spends the night at his house.
The next morning, the butler finds Julie in Michael's bed.
Michael arrives home with a cold after his night in jail.
He doesn't realize that Julie's at his house.
When Roberta arrives, angry, he calms her down, until she discovers Julie in Michael's pajamas and in his bedroom.
Roberta breaks off her engagement to Michael.
Julie slips away in the confusion and arrives at a theatrical agency.
Her "uncle" runs the agency and she quickly removes the earrings as he praises her night's work.
In reality, Julie is an actress and, with her successful work breaking the engagement between Michael and Roberta, is offered a leading role in a new production.
Roberta arrives at home and tells her parents that the engagement is off.
Trent is thrilled.
It is revealed at this time that Trent hired Douglas's agency to break the engagement.
At work Michael is being called to the carpet by Trent for loaning money without collateral when mrs Trent arrives and fixes everything so that Roberta and Michael are engaged again.
Trent, upset that the wedding is still on, goes back to Douglas and tells him he won't pay until the engagement is broken for good.
Gilbert (Robert Coote), Trent's assistant, dislikes Michael.
He works with Julie by bringing in a box for Michael at work.
Inside are Michael's pajamas.
Roberta is there when the box arrives and she isn't happy to see the contents.
Michael hurries her off when he sees Julie inside the shop vault.
Michael takes Julie to her hotel room and stays with her when she pretends to be sick after her night outside.
He arrives late for dinner with Roberta and her friends.
When she questions him, he admits to being with Julie, but he reassures her that Julie is very sick in bed.
At that instant Julie shows up looking glamorous.
Fed up, Roberta leaves, but Michael insists on staying because he has to keep an eye on the earrings.
Alone with Michael, Julie confesses that she was trying to break up his engagement on purpose that night because she didn't think he should be married simply because he comes from a prominent family.
As they share a cozy ride in a carriage, Michael makes overtures to having feelings for Julie.
She tries to explain about the earrings when they are held up by robbers.
They want the earrings.
Michael explains that they cannot be removed, but one of the robbers threatens to cut Julie's ears off to get to them.
She takes the earrings off easily and gives them to the robbers.
Furious, Michael admits to being a fool.
He leaves her.
Trent doesn't want to pay Douglas, so he gets a note at dinner asking Trent to meet Douglas in Julie's dressing room.
mrs Trent follows Trent, demanding an explanation.
Since Trent had finally paid up, Douglas lies and says that he had a scheme to break up Michael and Roberta's engagement, but that Trent paid him off.
The truth comes out accidentally when Julie refuses to continue with the plan.
The police arrive when Michael recognizes one of the robbers—the one who threatened to cut off Julie's ears—as a waiter at the club.
The waiter tells the police that Roberta paid him to rob Julie and Michael.
He breaks into Julie's show and tells her he loves her.
Travel agency clerk Tommy Bradford (Dennis O'Keefe) delivers tickets to wealthy Westley Piermont (George Barbier) at the lavish wedding of his daughter.
Piermont introduces him to model June Evans (Maureen O'Sullivan), but neglects to mention neither one is a guest.
June is there to help the daughter with her wedding dress.
Both pretend to be rich.
Tommy gives June his telephone number, but neither expects anything to come of their momentary attraction to each other.
That night, after she tells her family about her adventure, her obnoxious, younger, musician brother Chick (Mickey Rooney) phones Tommy, pretending to be June's servant, and forces his sister to continue the charade.
Tommy is pressured to maintain the masquerade as well by his roommate Al (Edward Brophy), an insurance salesman who dreams of making contacts in New York high society.
They begin seeing each other.
Their first date is at the Westminster Dog Show, where they run into Piermont again.
He has two dogs entered in the competition.
Piermont insists his Pomeranian will win, but Tommy champions his other entry, a st Bernard.
Sure of himself, the millionaire promises to give the st Bernard to Tommy if it wins.
It does, and he does.
With no place to keep it, Tommy makes a present of it to June.
Their second date is at a movie theater where another of June's brothers (Phillip Terry) works.
By this point, June's family is anxious to meet her boyfriend.
Her aunt Lucy (Jessie Ralph) is the housekeeper for a wealthy family, so while her employers are away, she borrows their home to host a dinner.
Afterward, Tommy tries to confess to June, but she misunderstands and thinks he has found her out instead.
Outraged by what she thinks are insults aimed at her family, she breaks up with him.
Fortunately, Aunt Lucy recognizes Tommy and sets her niece straight.
June shows up at Tommy's workplace and gives him a hard time, pretending to be a potential customer.
When she leaves, Tommy sees her get into a delivery van with her employer's name on it.
Realizing the truth, he goes to her workplace and returns the favor, forcing her to model dress after dress.
In the end though, they decide to restart their relationship afresh.
Film star Ted Crosley (Charles Starrett) is fed up with Hollywood and quits the movies to enroll in college under a fake name.
While Ted tries to fit in at academia, his frustrated managers (Walter Connolly, Jimmy Durante) try to have him expelled from the college in order for him to resume his Hollywood career.
Alfie (Anthony Hopkins) and Helena (Gemma Jones) divorce.
Helena begins seeing fortune teller Cristal (Pauline Collins) for spiritual advice.
Their daughter Sally (Naomi Watts) has a troubled marriage with author Roy (Josh Brolin), who once wrote a successful book, and is now anxiously waiting for response from his publisher about the manuscript of his newest one.
Helena helps pay their rent.
Alfie marries a prostitute, Charmaine (Lucy Punch).
Roy falls for Dia (Freida Pinto), a musicologist he sees through a window near his and Sally’s flat, who is engaged to another man.
Sally considers having an affair with Greg (Antonio Banderas), her new boss at an art gallery who she confesses she has feelings for but Greg confesses he is having trouble at home and eventually it turns out he is having an affair with Iris (Anna Friel), Sally's protégée.
Helena begins a friendship with Jonathan (Roger Ashton-Griffiths), the keeper of an occult bookshop, which develops into romance.
Roy's book is rejected.
He hears that a friend, who is also a writer, has died in an accident, and of whom only Roy knows that he had just finished a manuscript that he had not shown to anyone else yet.
Roy steals it, and claims it is his work.
It is well received.
He convinces Dia to break off her engagement, and moves in with her.
Alfie gets into a fight with Charmaine over her high expenses.
He asks Helena to make a new start with him, but she refuses.
Charmaine has sex with another man and gets pregnant.
Alfie wants a DNA test to find out whether he is the father, while Charmaine argues that it does not matter.
Sally quits her job and asks Helena for a loan she promised, for setting up her own art gallery, but Helena refuses because according to Cristal it is astrologically a bad time.
Sally is furious.
Roy is informed that there was a mix-up of the people killed in the accident and is shocked to hear that the friend whose manuscript he stole is actually in coma and recovering.
In the end, all are dissatisfied with their choices, except for Helena.
She has acquired from Cristal a belief in reincarnation, and sees her life now as only one episode in her series of lives.
Jonathan shares her esoteric beliefs, and they receive the blessing of his deceased wife for the new relationship via seance.
The story starts with musician Ezequiel (Diego Peretti) having only a few days left to prepare the soundtrack of a movie in production.
He calls the bank to request a delay in his debt payment and is transferred from one office to another.
When he is transferred to Paula's office he finds the inspiration he needs to finish his soundtrack in her hold music.
However, he only hears it for a moment.
Paula (Natalia Oreiro) is 9-months pregnant and was left by her boyfriend Santiago early in her pregnancy.
Her mother (Norma Aleandro), deceived by Paula into thinking that she is still with her boyfriend, arrives from Spain in order to meet him and be at the birth.
Ezequiel meets Paula at the bank.
After they talk about his debt he requests to hear her hold music, but finds a different song playing as the songs are randomly assigned each day.
He and Paula make a deal: he will pretend to be Santiago in front of Paula's mother while she helps him to locate the music.
After many failed attempts he never does find the inspiring hold music, but instead finds inspiration during Paula's birth.
He successfully composes the soundtrack.
Ezequiel and Paula finally become a couple.
Elle Daniels (Ashlee Hewitt) has dreamed of being a famous singer-songwriter for as long as she can remember.
On the day of her audition for Berklee, the plane her parents are travelling in crashes.
Crushed, Elle moves in with her uncle Allen (Thomas Calabro), who runs a small, independent record company called Spunn Records.
Allen offers Elle a job as an intern and even though this means supporting Spunn's biggest act: a bubblegum pop trio called Sensation, led by the horrendous Stephanie (Katherine Bailess).
Elle swallows her pride and tries to forget about her dreams.
She becomes good friends with fellow intern Kit (Juliette Hing-Lee), and spends her days phoning radio stations and running errands.
But then Ty Parker (Sterling Knight), a famous pop singer extraordinaire, shows up at Spunn, saying that he needs something different, even if it means his fans shunning him.
Allen agrees to set him up on a duet with Kandi Kane, a British pop star with "a million hits online" and Ty agrees to think about in search of something new and willing to take any risk it takes.
Elle, being convinced by Kit to start singing again, gives herself a makeover, goes to the recording studio and sings "Love is with Me Now", which Ty hears, and mistakes her for the British Kandi Kane, awestruck by her voice.
Surprised and pleased, Elle plays along, leaving at midnight when she receives a text from uncle Allen.
After discovering that she accidentally over recorded the Sensation single and feeling guilty for lying to Ty, Elle goes into hiding, donning stupid disguises.
Ty, who is all jumpy about signing Spunn, is also shocked to discover that Kandi is anything but blonde on an awkward meeting set up for the two by Allen, and leaves in a fit of rage, snapping at Allen that this time, it's about what he really wants.
Ty is determined to find the girl he met with the help of TJ (Brandon Mychal Smith) but fails.
Stephanie discovers that the song was Elle's and Sensation team up with Kandi to show Elle her place.
On Kit's advice, Elle decides to give true love a shot, and with Kit's would-be boyfriend Andy (Shawn Caulin-Young)'s help, she reveals herself through the song she performed in the studio.
Ty hears her sing, and Elle is viciously insulted by Sensation and Kandi for being an obsessive fan.
Instead of supporting them, Ty walks out and comforts the heartbroken Elle and they start dating.
He also convinces her that her talent would never hurt her, and the death of her parents had nothing to do with her.
Allen also tells Elle that he admired her parents very much and the song that she accidentally over-recorded was "beautiful".
He also said that Elle helped him remember that he wanted to make music then money, not the other way around.
All seems to be well and Ty convinces Elle to audition for Berklee again.
They write a song "Fairytale" together, until Kandi returns for her claim on the single and emotionally tortures Ty to leave Elle or she would sue everyone related to him.
Ty calls her a horrible person, but agrees to break up with Elle anyway to protect her.
Heartbroken, Elle misunderstands everything, which causes Kit and Andy to carry out an investigation where they hear the receptionist calling Kandi "Miss Smirkle".
Although suspicious, Andy's courage fails, but Kit kisses him for support and he mans up immediately.
Pretending to have a pastry delivery for her by the studio, Andy goes to Kandi, buying Kit time to break into the room, where she is shocked to unearth the fact that Kandi is in fact Brenda Smirkle, an average girl who is using Kandi's identity to make money and is anything but British.
After getting immense proof on tape, Kit reveals Brenda's secret to Allen, who suggests that she leave before he reports her the police for fraud and blackmail.
In the process, he also dumps Sensation for their role in Brenda's plot, which Stephanie tries to protest until Kit reveals that Stephanie is bald which causes her and the girls to flee in horror about the secret.
Ty rushes to make Elle's audition and arrives just as she is standing tongue-tied on the stage.
He backs her up with a guitar and she blows the judges away by singing "Fairytale".
She is immediately accepted to Berklee and forgives Ty after the performance.
Both of them share a long awaited, heart felt kiss, where Elle narrates that fairy tales do exist.
The film ends with colorful credits where "Happily Ever After" by Ashlee Hewitt plays in the background, indicating what happened to all the main characters.
Elle graduated from Berklee, Ty's album went triple Platinum, Brenda (aka Kandi) was pretending to be a different pop star, Stephanie is a wig model, Jamie and Becky work for Lady Gaga, and Kit and Andy were happily together with their own detective agency.
Britney (Crew) is a woman whose profession is to 'break up' with a significant other for people.
One day she meets Rick (Benson), a charming gentleman who lures Britney into a relationship with his alluring looks and sly wit.
She later discovers that he's the head of another break-up company and is stealing all her customers, which is putting her into debt.
He dumps her using one of his staff who claims to be his best friend.
Britney is outraged and heartbroken by the abrupt turn of events.
She plots and schemes to put Rick out of business.
Britney's sister Ashley (Swan) is a flirtatious woman who dumps men at the drop of a hat.
Her last boyfriend, Mike (Kennedy), is saddened and distressed when Ashley gets Britney to break up with him for her.
Mike teaches art to underprivileged children, and will be entering a mural competition soon.
He claims that Ashley is his muse and without her he can only draw crap.
He offers to pay Britney $10,000 if she can manage to get Ashley back for him.
Britney hesitantly agrees after seeing her overdue bills and mortgage payments.
She teaches him what kind of men Ashley likes.
He must be unflappable, cool, and not care what others think of him.
He must be rich, so Britney gets Mike to act rich.
He must be tall, dark and handsome.
Britney gives Mike an extreme make-over.
He changes his fashion style, his hairstyle, and his attitude.
He becomes cooler and more nonchalant around women.
They arrange to "bump into" Ashley at a store and Mike pretends to be on a phone call.
Ashley overhears and spins around to talk to him.
He acts unflappable and doesn't falter as Britney gives him instructions through a hidden earphone.
When Ashley seems impressed by his new look and attitude, Britney is overjoyed but causes Mike to crash into a clothing rack on his way out of the store because she squeals into her microphone.
Britney then learns that Rick is dating Ashley.
She tries to pull them apart, but Ashley is smitten with the rich, "endearing gentleman" he appears to be.
Meanwhile, Britney's friends and now downsized ex-employers, Robyn (Delain) and Tiffany (Liebert), are also plotting.
They get jobs at Rick's company and pretend to work for him.
They steal his client list and give it to Britney so she can win back her old customers.
Britney realizes that her friends didn't betray her, and are now helping her win back their business.
Britney slowly grows closer to Mike.
They spend every day together as she coaches him, and they mope together about their broken hearts, eating snacks and watching TV.
When Mike is finally ready, they arrange for him to be spotted by Ashley throughout the day, pretending to be oblivious to her.
She finally catches up to him outside a dance club, but not before Britney and Mike share a kiss.
In the end Mike and Britney get together when he realizes that Ashley is not his muse, but Britney is.
He and the children win the mural competition, and Britney's business is back and better than ever.
Britney changes her company name to "Love Rocks" and helps people find love as well as dump their boy/girlfriends.
Rick's company falls apart.
Then Britney breaks up with Rick for Ashley.
He mutters, "LOVE BLOWS.
".
Frankie is the coxswain on the rowing team at Rawley University.
His friend Tad is a stroke on the crew, president of the Kappa Psi Delta house and conductor of the orchestra.
When rehearsing a new piece for a welcoming party dedicated to Bob Terry, a new crewmember, Tad learns that Bob has been drafted to the army and will not be joining the team nor be attending the party.
Frankie and Tad don't have the hearts to tell their girlfriends Bess and Midge, who have worked hard to prepare the party, and instead look for a replacement for Bob for the evening.
They spot Herk loading a safe onto the bed of a truck.
After some convincing, Herk reluctantly accepts the offer to pose as Bob.
Herk enjoys the party and flirts with both Bess and Midge, using period slang terms, in stark contrast to the actual students.
He decides to stay in the house and join the team as Bob, despite his dislike of boats.
Frankie gives Herk seasick pills and eventually his rowing performance improves.
Herk raises the eyebrows of the professors with his uncultured speech and lack of respect for the academic environment.
To keep Herk on the team, Frankie and Tad tutor him and prep him for school to the point where they themselves start failing.
Bess breaks up with Tad and lets hims know that she is going to marry "Bob Terry".
Midge breaks up with Frankie as well.
During the final race, Bess and Midge learn of their mutual engagement to Herk.
Instead of giving Herk seasick pills, Frankie gives him moth balls with the result of Herk performing better than ever.
After the race, Herk is arrested for bank robbery and Frankie and Tad reunite with their girlfriends.
With high school behind him, Andy Hardy (Mickey Rooney) decides that as an adult, it's time to start living his life.
Judge Hardy (Lewis Stone) had hoped that his son would go to college and study law, but Andy isn't sure that's what he wants to do so he heads off to New York City to find a job.
Too proud to accept financial help from his longtime friend Betsy Booth (Judy Garland), he at least lets her drive him to the city.
Andy soon meets there another young man who has just been fired as "office boy" at a midtown firm.
When Andy rushes there unannounced to apply for the vacancy, Betsy runs out of gasoline after patiently circling the congested streets for hours waiting for him to come out afterwards.
Andy lands the job, and even gets to repeatedly date the office receptionist, a more worldly woman who with the office staff are amused at his naivete and sometimes clumsiness.
He learns that daily expenses, including gifts and dates for his new girlfriend, quickly add up as well as mourning over the death of his new friend who dies.
Andy is nearly fired after, due to drowsiness, he mixes up two outgoing letters in the office mail.
Although ashamed to let his parents know of his difficulties, they hear of his circumstances from Betsy, and his father goes to bring him home.
After facing these several lessons of life, Andy concludes that he may still have some growing up to do.
In New York City, George Petty (Robert Cummings) tries to convince car manufacturer Manton to use pretty women to help advertise his dreary new car model.
He is not succeeding when Manton's daughter, the often-married mrs Connie Manton Dezlow (Audrey Long), interrupts the business meeting, takes a liking to the handsome young artist, and makes herself his patron.
Soon, she has furnished him with a lavish apartment, complete with a butler named Beardsley (Melville Cooper).
She also talks him into abandoning his cheesecake paintings in favor of more respectable portraits.
Meanwhile, Victoria Braymore (Joan Caulfield), the youngest professor at Braymore College, attends a conference in New York to defend the school against charges that it is outdated and old-fashioned.
She has led a sheltered life, raised by the older professors after the death of her parents (the founders of the college), and is only allowed to go with a chaperone, her friend dr Crutcher (Elsa Lanchester).
George meets Victoria in an art museum.
She resists his attempts to become better acquainted, but finally agrees to dinner, provided he finds a date for dr Crutcher.
Desperate, he gets Beardsley to pretend to be his uncle Ben.
The dinner is a disaster; Beardsley gets drunk, dr Crutcher thinks she is George's date, and Victoria is distant.
Finally, George decides to leave, when Victoria surprises him by accompanying him to a nightclub frequented by artists.
When a drink is spilled on her dress, she goes to the powder room, where the attendant offers to iron it.
However, the police raid the establishment; in the rush of escaping people, Victoria ends up getting arrested dressed only in her slip.
Her picture is published on the front page of the newspaper.
It should be noted that an almost identical scene occurred in the movie Together Again (1944).
When she gets out of jail, she cuts short her trip and returns to Braymore.
George follows her and gets a job as a busboy at the faculty residence.
Using the newspaper photograph, he blackmails her into going out with him.
Their first two "dates" end badly.
Then, when he has her sneak out to pose for a painting in his room, she is seen by nosy Professor Whitman (Mary Wickes), who misinterprets the situation.
Though the other professors are inclined to leniency, Victoria cheerfully quits, finally agreeing with George's view that she is being stifled there.
Victoria goes to George's apartment, where she meets her rival for his affections, mrs Dezlow.
She tries to persuade George that mrs Dezlow is doing the same thing to him that the professors did to her, namely molding him to satisfy her wishes and expectations, but he does not agree.
Victoria then sneaks into the art museum and replaces one of the paintings with the one George painted of her in a bathing suit.
The resulting publicity lands her a starring role in the burlesque.
Embarrassed, George gets an injunction preventing her from performing as the "Petty Girl".
Since the injunction only applies to public places, Victoria crashes the stuffy private party being given by mrs Dezlow to promote George.
There, she, a male quartet, and twelve beautiful women (including an uncredited Tippi Hedren in her film debut), each representing a month, perform a musical number, much to the appreciation of Manton.
The businessman changes his mind about George's initial proposal.
George realizes Victoria is right, and they kiss and make up.
EJ.
Baxter (Kristin Chenoweth) is a headstrong and popular New York City publicistJ.
seemingly has the "perfect life"; a beautiful condo, a loving fiancé, a great job, and an excellent boss.
ButJ.
's world takes a turn for the worse when she catches her fiancé Noah having an affair with her boss Lillah at the office Christmas party, resulting inJ.
breaking Lillah's expensive Gucci pump shoe, and breaking off her engagement with Noah.
Now, having no one to spend Christmas or New Years with (except her sister's dog),J.
starts to look for a new job, though with Lillah account black-balling her all over the city,J.
has no one else to turn to except her boastful sister Roz.
Feeling sympathy for her, Roz pushesJ.
to take up a job offer in Kalispell, Montana, to lure corporate retreats for a year.
Upon arriving,J.
is extremely disappointed to find that her "job" is working at a Chamber of Commerce bureau with no secretaries or office, except her cheerful co-worker Jan Lucas (Anna Chlumsky).
After a few days working together, Jan invitesJ.
to the town's barbecue where they raise money for equipment for the Kalispell Search & Rescue team.
To show respect,J.
reluctantly goes and meets dr Marci Hempel and Eric, members of the search and rescue team.
Marci tellsJ.
that they raise money by holding various events, triathlons, pancake breakfasts, bake sales, etc.
and if they don't raise enough money all of the tourists will go to more popular destinations such as Idaho or Aspen.
The day after the barbecue,J drives over to former client Robert Lazaar's chalet to take photos to lure CEO's for corporate retreats.
While there,J.
runs into arrogant Will Abrecht (Josh Hopkins), a member of the rescue squad, swimming in Robert's pool.
The two immediately get into an argument, as their sparring occurs partly into the movie.
The next day, Jan andJ.
receive leftovers of Kalispell's local calendar which Jan believes is boring because it shows everyday Montana scenery.
Remembering a naked Will,J.
holds a conference with the Search and Rescue team as a new means of funding their equipmentJ.
puts her media know-how to good use by telling them each man can pose half-naked for the calendar (hence the title).
While the majority find it completely absurd, especially Will, Jason defendsJ.
and starts a short-term relationship with her.
Right after the conference, Will comes by to rudely tellJ.
that it was a unanimous vote of no, not wanting to make a joke of the Rescue SquadJ.
is determined, and starts one by one to convince every member of the rescue squad to poseJ.
eventually becomes successful even persuading Mayor Bob Baker, much to Will's dismay as he won't be needed because there are only twelve months but thirteen men on the squad.
ButJ.
's opinion about Will and vice versa soon change whenJ.
is invited to an abseiling party and is goaded by Will to try abseiling for the first time.
Although, halfway down,J.
grips up, resulting in Will having to counsel her the rest of the way downJ.
shyly thanks Will which finally grants Will enough courage to announce his feelings toJ.
saying that it's the most disgusting feeling he ever feltJ.
is outraged and turns down his offer to sponsor the calendar, getting successful Chicago businesswoman Sonia Kendall to sponsor it instead, likingJ.
's breath of fresh cynicism.
When everything seems to be going perfectly, Mike comes by to tellJ.
that he is completely nervous and that there's no possible way for him to be convinced to pose.
Although, feeling a soft spot forJ.
Will volunteers instead resulting in Will andJ.
having an intimate relationship.
Eventually, the calendar is successful as publicity and women surround Kalispell.
Jason comes by to tellJ that he found a new job and is relocating to Chicago with his boss and girlfriend Sonia Kendall.
But when Will overhears Jan talking to Eric on howJ.
may be moving back to New YorkJ.
and Will get into an argument as Will resents ever getting involved withJ.
This just causesJ.
to go back to New York earlier and re-accept her recently lost job with Lillah.
It is at New York thatJ.
is reminded of Will and everyone she met back in Kalispell.
During an important business conferenceJ.
receives an emergency call from Jan that Will is in Kalispell Regional Hospital with a possibly fatal condition after falling 50 feet from a mountain.
Out of insanity and loveJ.
immediately flies out to Kalispell Regional and is informed by a nurse that Will is gone.
Believing that Will died he comes up behind her to tell her he forgot something asJ.
tells him so has she.
The two then embrace and kiss passionatelyJ.
ends up residing with Will and all of her newly made friends in the hole in the ground that says Montana.
Ludo Decker and Anna Gotzlowski have been living together for two years.
Everyday routine has set in, with Ludo neglecting his household responsibilities much to Anna's dislike, while he is in turn annoyed by her constant complaining.
When Ludo runs into his former lover Marie in the disco, and Anna's old boyfriend Ralf comes to stay in their flat for a few days, the young couple faces serious jealousy and doubt in their relationship.
Anna secretly reads Ludo's phone messages, while he in turn stumbles upon "The List", an account of Anna's former lovers—including Ralf, who scores better than Ludo does.
After a number of provocations, Ludo beats Ralf in a restaurant, and angrily leaves Anna.
Even though the two still strongly care for each other, they end up sleeping with their respective ex-lovers.
Ralf confesses that he never stopped loving Anna, but she rejects him and tells Ludo what happened.
Even though Ludo has cheated on her as well, he angrily argues that she herself told him that, unlike men, women do not actually sleep with someone without feelings being involved.
Anna begs him to come home, but he only says that he has no home any more, and leaves.
Meanwhile, Ludo's best friend Moritz desperately tries to get more successful with women, and ends up in a number of absurd situations.
In the end, he meets a young and beautiful sex-addict named Lana.
After a few weeks, Anna receives a letter from Ludo, who has traveled back to the place where they spent their only vacation together.
He writes that he misses her terribly, and that he wants nothing more than to come back, have children, and spend the rest of his life with her.
Anna follows him and finds him on a lonely beach, where she tells him that she wants a "little Ludo" before they can talk about a "little Anna".
In the end, they return home together.
A further sequel is planned.
Robert Wilcot, a popular television personality, is selected as the Conservative candidate for the provincial town of Earndale in the upcoming by-election.
His selection is mostly due to the influence of his uncle, Lord Wilcot a powerful local figure.
His opponent is to be Stella Stoker, a fishmonger's daughter with a degree from the London School of Economics who has been chosen to stand for the Labour Party.
Travelling up on the train to Earndale, the two candidates meet and while she quickly works out who he is, he remains ignorant of her true identity.
To try to show off he begins to tell her about his selection for the seat and how he expects to win.
He describes his opponent as a bluestocking.
He also inadvertently reveals embarrassing details to her such as the fact that he has scarcely been to Earndale in his life and that his family once controlled the seat as a rotten borough.
Once they arrive at Earndale station, he is soon made aware of his mistake.
The electoral agents of both candidates are furious to discover they have been fraternising on the train.
Wilcot goes to visit his uncle, and finds him to be an eccentric who has turned his country house into a money-making operation for visiting coach parties of tourists.
It appears that he has engineered Robert Wilcot's selection as a candidate in order to spark public interest in the election, boosting his own business.
It is also clear that the political contest is added to by the enmity of the two electoral agents the Tory Harding-Pratt and Labour's Bert Glimmer.
Once on the stump the two candidates keep running into each other around Earndale, at one point during a factory visit leading to a shouting match.
Both begin to become entranced by the other, and become convinced they are falling in love.
This comes to a head during the hustings at Wilcot Hall where they are caught embracing in the maze by their respective agents.
Burying the hatchet, the two agents try to foil the potential romance.
Despite repeated attempts to break up the candidates they continue a covert relationship.
James Kelly (Guy Robertson) and his pal Happy Moran (Edgar Kennedy) are taking their all-girl-dancing troupe across the ocean to tour Europe, when Kelly and the mysterious Catherine Bell (Irene Ware), fall for each other, literally.
When their backers pull out, Happy and Kelly manage to scrounge enough dough to get the girls back home; but, find themselves broke, in Europe, in a tiny country where the GDP is measured in mops.
As a crooner, Kelly tries to sell enough mops, with a radio show, to pull the kingdom out of bankruptcy, and win Princess Tania, aka Catherine Bell, from their shipboard romance.
Time is running out, as Prince Alexis, (William Orlamond), invades, from the neighbouring country, to seize the castle and marry the Princess.
Their only defence is the women and their “Personality Mops”, when the army quits, over back wages; and, Kelly is being marched off in front of a firing squad.
Don Wilson, a famous blackface comedian, is preparing to headline a new show.
Arnold Wingate, his manager, persuades him to take a weekend off in the country.
When their car breaks down, they go off in search of a mechanic.
Don happens upon a ramshackle traveling theatrical stock company run by Jasper Bolivar and his daughter Ginger.
One of the actors has quit, so Ginger is holding an audition.
When Don asks the hopefuls in line about a garage, Ginger mistakes him for one of the applicants and chooses him as the best of a bad lot.
Amused (and attracted to Ginger), he accepts the job, giving his name as "Harry Mann".
Playing a dying Union soldier, Don has one line ("I love you".
) and gets kissed by Ginger's character.
The show, an American Civil War melodrama, is terribly amateurish, but the audience does not know any better and applauds appreciatively.
Don's friends attend the show and laugh, particularly at his hijinks.
(Don repeats his line several times, forcing Ginger to kiss him over and over again) Afterward, Ginger fires him for his bad acting.
Wingate has an idea; he signs the company for his Broadway show as a comedy act, though the Bolivars and the rest of the actors are deceived into believing their play has been appreciated.
Don has Wingate stipulate that the entire cast be included, so Ginger reluctantly rehires him.
He insists on a raise.
During rehearsals, Don maintains his disguise by wearing blackface.
Even so, he is nearly caught out by Ginger; hurriedly putting on a costume to hide his face, Don has to invent a masquerade party as a reason, and invites her and her troupe to attend.
During the party, he tries to seduce her.
When she rejects him, he is pleased, certain that she has feelings for his alter-ego.
On opening night, Don has second thoughts about the humiliation the Bolivar troupe is about to face, but it is too late to do anything about it.
When "Harry Mann" cannot be found, Don offers to take his place.
All goes as Wingate had anticipated; the audience laughs wildly, as the confused actors continue performing.
At the end, Ginger finally realizes what is going on and berates the audience, then walks out into the rain.
When Don follows to console her, the rain washes away his makeup and reveals his true identity.
She and her father return to their old work.
A contrite Don shows up at the audition for a replacement actor.
Though Ginger turns away from him, he follows her into the tent and takes her in his arms.
Kate Tosconi is a journalist in her early 20s working in Chicago for a women's magazine called Contemporary Woman Magazine.
Having a special interest for trains, she is enthusiastic to do an article on rail transport.
However, her boss Dottie Birmington only allows her to do the piece if she also does an article on mail-order brides.
She reluctantly places an advertisement, which is responded by Robert Fitzgerald.
Robert is a successful business man inA.
who constantly competes with his business partner Joe Kimbel.
For his latest bet, Robert is challenged to take in a mail-order bride and not have sex with her for two weeks.
Soon, Kate packs her bags and travels to Los Angeles, where she takes an immediate interest in Robert.
She notices that he is a nice guy and feels guilty about using him for an article.
They eventually fall in love with each other and Kate cancels the article.
While drunk one night, Robert is taken home by Kate.
She attempts to seduce him, but he falls asleep.
The next day, she jokes about having had sex with him.
Robert, thinking he has lost the bet, admits to the whole truth.
Kate is furious about having been a part of a bet and refuses to believe his claims that he has fallen in love with her in the meantime.
She immediately returns home and writes an offensive article on Robert.
When he reads the article, he is outraged and sues her for libel.
In court, they are initially mad at each other, but they soon realize they still love each other.
Robert wins the case, after which Kate has to give him a written apology.
After doing this, she returns home.
Robert, however, is encouraged by Kate's father to go after her and he is able to climb on the train.
In the end, they kiss each other.
Víctor Martínez (Santi Millán) is a shy 36-year-old man working as an usher at a movie theater.
He still lives with his mother (Chus Lampreave).
By some mistake, he ends up in a reality show with Estrella Cuevas (Paz Vega), an aspiring actress.
They win the contest and are sent off to spend some time together at a luxury hotel at Oropesa del Mar.
According to their contract, they have to get married and not divorce for at least three years, otherwise the contract is annulled and they have to give back their winning of EUR 253,000.
Although reluctant at first, Victor finally falls in love with Estrella.
Sophie (Amanda Seyfried) is a young American woman who works for The New Yorker as a fact checker.
She goes on a pre-honeymoon with her chef fiancé Victor (Gael García Bernal) to Verona, Italy.
Victor is unmoved by the romance of Italy and uses his time to research his soon-to-open restaurant, often neglecting Sophie.
Sophie accidentally discovers an unanswered "letter to Juliet" by a Claire Smith from 1957, one of thousands of missives left at the fictional lover's Verona courtyard that are typically answered by the "Secretaries of Juliet".
She answers it and within a week the now elderly Claire Smith (Vanessa Redgrave) arrives in Verona with her handsome barrister grandson Charlie Wyman (Christopher Egan).
Claire and Sophie take an instant liking to each other, but Charlie and Sophie do not get along.
Following the advice in Sophie's reply, Claire decides to look for her long-lost love, Lorenzo Bartolini (Franco Nero).
Sophie, thinking Claire's story might help her with her writing career, helps Claire.
The two find out that there are many Lorenzo Bartolinis living in the area.
After many days of searching for the right Lorenzo, they find that one is dead.
Charlie blames Sophie for his grandmother's sadness.
He accuses her of not knowing what real loss is.
Claire, witnessing the dispute, tells Charlie he was wrong and that Sophie's mother had walked away from her when she was a little girl.
The following day, Claire insists that Charlie apologize to Sophie at breakfast, which he does.
After dinner, Sophie talks to Charlie about love, and the two kiss.
The following morning is their last day of searching for Lorenzo.
On a whim, Claire points out a vineyard to Charlie and asks if he could stop so they can have a farewell drink for Sophie.
As Charlie drives down the road, Claire sees a young man who looks exactly like her Lorenzo.
They discover the man is Lorenzo Bartolini's grandson, and Claire and Lorenzo reunite.
Back in New York, Sophie breaks up with Victor before returning to Verona to attend Claire and Lorenzo's wedding.
She finds Charlie with another woman, Patricia, and runs out crying.
Charlie comes out to find her, and she admits she loves him but tells him to go back to Patricia.
Charlie reveals that Patricia is his cousin and tells Sophie he loves her.
He climbs up the vine to the balcony, recreating the original famous scene from Romeo and Juliet, but accidentally falls down, and they kiss as he lies on the ground.
In the early 1950s, a star-struck Ohio boy, Artie Shoemaker, skips school to work behind the scenes for a touring stock theatrical company.
Inept at his job, Artie is nearly fired until the star of the show, Harry Crystal, takes a liking to him and takes the kid under his wing.
Artie becomes smitten with one of the attractive chorus girls from the show, Ramona, a worldly young woman who provides his sexual initiation.
But soon the show must move on to another town, leaving Artie alone with his dreams.
A young girl's loyalty to the Communist Party is tested in Prague when she falls in love with an attache who has just arrived from the United States.
Alex Belli (Bova) is a 37-year-old advertising executive whose fiancée Elena has just left him, and who is having difficulty at work trying to think of a good advertising campaign for a new Japanese product.
Niki is a bubbly 17-year-old student.
She has three best friends with whom she shares all her problems, and an annoying ex-boyfriend Fabio who is set on getting her back, but Niki is not interested.
One day on his way to work, Alex collides with Niki on a city street.
They soon begin a romance, despite their 20-year age gap.
Grace Herbert (Kay Francis) is a 30-something woman who has made her living from seducing wealthy men and suing them for breach of promise.
At the end of her finances, she and her maid, Josie (Margaret Hamilton) head to Miami where Grace hopes to find another rich man.
When that plan falls through, she stumbles upon Ellen Daley (Mildred Coles), a young lady who is looking for a job as a secretary.
Instead, Grace decide to make the girl her protege and teach her how to make money leading older wealthier men on for money.
They leave for Chicago, and on the way meet Tom Dice (James Ellison) when he fixes their flat tire.
All they know is that he's a cowboy, and while Ellen is attracted to him, Grace dismisses him.
Grace introduces Ellen to Bill Vincent (Nigel Bruce), a vain man who likes young women, and who coaches Ellen on exactly how to lead a man on enough to get expensive presents from him, including a fat settlement to avoid a lawsuit.
Despite some initial misgivings, Ellen begins to enjoy her role.
After they are finished with Vincent in Chicago, the ladies move on to New York City and Van Payson (GP.
Huntley), another older wealthy man who is happy to squire a much younger woman.
While out on a date, Ellen runs into Tom and the two of them end up sharing a cab when she gets separated.
He makes arrangements to call on her, but Grace, who still thinks that Tom is "just a cowboy" criticizes Ellen for wanting to see him.
After doing some research however, Grace finds out that Tom is a multi-millionaire and changes her mind.
She encourages Ellen to marry him because he is so wealthy.
While Ellen is very much in love with Tom, she refuses to consider marrying him because of how she has been earning her gifts.
When Tom proposes, she tells him that she needs to think about it for a day.
That night she leaves a note for Grace and runs away.
Grace decides that since Ellen is gone, she's going to try to run her old game on Tom.
In a men's club steamroom, Van overhears Bill talking about his experience with Ellen and the two of them realize that they were dealing with the same woman.
When the two of them show up at her hotel and accuse her or running a scam, she turns the tables on them accusing Bill and Van of defaming Ellen's character and finagles them into paying her outstanding bills and sends them on their way.
As they leave they justify their behavior to each other reassuring themselves that they have not been taken for another ride.
In the meantime, Grace resumes her seduction of Tom and manipulates him into proposing to her.
The next morning, Tom's mother (Katharine Alexander) pays her a visit only instead of threatening to block the marriage, she just lets Grace know that she knows all about Grace's past, but will bless their marriage as long as she promises to always love and care from him.
This moves something in Grace and when Tom comes to visit, she tells him that she knows he still loves Ellen and he should go to Miami and marry her.
He rushes out to get on a plane to find her.
Tom's mother tells Grace that Tom's uncle &ndash; who is also a wealthy cattleman &ndash; is in town alone, and tells her that he is a man who needs to settle down and get married to a woman who can bring some femininity to his bachelor's life.
When Tom's mother tells Grace that he's in the lobby of the building, Grace tells Josie her maid to have him sent up while she gets ready to meet him.
As Josie helps her dress, Grace puts on the perfume she uses when she's seducing a man and says to Josie, "For the last time".
The film is set on Cape Cod, Massachusetts, in 1912 and follows the story of two lighthouse attendants who swear to abstain from women, until two women arrive for their summer vacation.
It was based upon The Woman Haters by Joseph Lincoln.
Danny (Bryan Burke), is a young student in middle school.
He starts to develop feelings for his best friend, Julie (Michelle Trachtenberg).
However a new student by the name of Archie (Michael Galeota) comes in and sweeps Julie off her feet.
Danny flees to the graveyard where his father is buried and talks to him about his problems.
He soon comes across Hubbie the Ghost (Ralph Macchio), who helps Danny with his girl problems.
As a former living person from the 30's, Hubbie, gives Danny his advice.
The advice repeatedly backfires, always leaving Danny depressed.
Danny soon learns that Hubbie once had a former lover before dying in an accident.
Danny and Julie end up together at a school dance and Hubbie re-connects with his former love with the help of Danny.
A story of relationships, happythankyoumoreplease deals with the struggles facing several pairs trying to find their way.
The film centers on Sam (Radnor), a writer, and Rasheen (Algieri), a foster care child, who meet each other when Rasheen is abandoned on the subway.
The film comes to also involve Sam's best friend Annie (Åkerman), an Alopecia patient trying to find a reason to be loved; his cousin Mary Catherine (Kazan) and her boyfriend Charlie (Schreiber), a couple facing the prospect of leaving New York; and Mississippi (Mara), a waitress/singer trying to make it in the city.
When Vince is paroled after five years in prison for a heist gone wrong, his dangerous and controlling former boss, Kranski, forces him back into a life of crime.
Working for Kranski as a car thief, Vince finds solace in welding sculptures out of metal and old car parts in Kranski’s chop shop.
When Vince’s raw and evocative sculptures are discovered by calculating art dealer Belinda, his chance for a new life as an artist emerges, as well as romantic complications with Belinda’s gallery assistant, Kristen.
Caught between the pressure from Kranski and the demands of the art world, Vince has to cleverly maneuver his way out to become his own man and his own artist.
Confirmed bachelor Jud Parker (Larry Parks) likes his life the way it is.
A talent agent, he goes to New Haven, Connecticut on a client's behalf and meets Anastacia "Stacie" Macaboy (Elizabeth Taylor), who owns a dance school.
Stacie then runs into him in New York when she goes to a convention.
Jud takes her to a New York Giants baseball game and to dinner and dancing.
Stacie falls in love, but Jud is furious when a story in the New Haven paper claims they are engaged.
mrs Levoy and her daughter, who run a rival dance school, sully Stacie's reputation and cause students to drop out.
Stacie and Jud disagree on how to explain their relationship until Stacie ultimately bets everything on the outcome of the Giants' next game.
Ina Massine is an opera diva who divorced throat specialist dr Lincoln Bartlett three years ago.
Nowadays, she regrets this decision and attempts to win back his affection.
Lincoln, however, is engaged to Agnes Oglethorpe Young, the beautiful young daughter of his mentor dr Carleton Radwin Young.
Nevertheless, Ina is determined to reconcile with Lincoln and grabs every chance on seducing him.
Lincoln remains loyal to his fiancée, though, and soon grows irritated by Ina's attempts to impress him.
On night of the premiere of her latest opera La Bohème, Ina is bothered with a sore throat and calls dr Young.
Lincoln, who is replacing dr Young that night, suspects that Ina is faking.
However, when he examines her, he diagnoses a tropic disease she had possibly got in South America.
Ina ignores his diagnose and performs that night without any problems.
The next morning, however, she is suddenly unable to speak.
She goes to see dr Young, who diagnoses functional euphonia, a speaking disorder caused by shocking news.
Young advises psychiatric help and tells Lincoln that a new love interest for Ina could solve the problem.
Ina is assigned as Lincoln's client, much to Agnes' annoyance.
Although Lincoln assures Agnes several times he has no feelings for his ex-wife, she remains suspicious of his connection with Ina.
Lincoln contacts his friend Chris Bartlett, hoping he will be able to romance Ina.
He sets up a date between the two, but Ina shows no interest in Chris, only able to think of Lincoln.
Later that night, Ina is able to break through Lincoln's wall, convincing him to spend the night with her.
They enjoy a dinner at a restaurant where they are spotted by some of Agnes' friends.
On their way back home, Ina again attempts to seduce him.
Although Lincoln does not reply to her, he seems to have softened up.
That night, Lincoln is bothered with a nightmare in which Ina is killed.
When he wakes up, he realizes he still loves his ex-wife.
He goes to the room where she is staying to hug her, when Agnes and Chris suddenly come in.
Agnes, feeling betrayed, breaks off the engagement, despite Lincoln's attempts to explain the situation.
Ina, who had got back her voice when Lincoln softened up, announces she is fed up with the love triangle as well and storms out.
She soon returns, however, and is told by Chris that Lincoln is bothered with functional euphonia too.
He regains his voice to tell Ina he loves her and, in the end, they kiss.
Perry (Linus Roache) is an English chemist working for a paint company and is depressed after losing his wife in a freak accident.
As he tries to invent the new color Siam Sunset, he wins a prize, takes leave, and travels to Australia.
Grace (Danielle Cormack), on the same tour bus, also has a troubled life.
When they meet, the two begin a romance.
In 1988, Danny Maccabee (Adam Sandler), a 22-year old man, leaves his wedding right before the ceremony is about to begin after learning that his fiancee is cheating on him, and was only marrying because he was going to be a doctor and provide her with a comfortable lifestyle.
He goes to drink alone at a bar, where a young, beautiful woman (Minka Kelly) walks in.
She sees that Danny has a wedding ring on his hand, and asks him about his wife and he says how she recently left him for someone else, and the woman from the bar ends up sleeping with him.
Twenty-three years later in 2011, Danny (now 45-years old) is now a successful plastic surgeon in Los Angeles who feigns unhappy marriages to get women, and to avoid romantic commitment that may lead to heartbreak.
The only woman aware of his schemes is his office manager and best friend Katherine Murphy (Jennifer Aniston), a divorced mother of two.
At a party, Danny meets Palmer (Brooklyn Decker), a sixth grade math teacher, without his wedding ring on, and they have a connection together.
The next morning, she finds the ring and assumes he is married.
She refuses to date him because her parents divorced due to adultery and does not want to be an adulteress herself.
Instead of telling her the truth, Danny tells her that he is getting divorced from a woman named Devlin, named after Devlin Adams who Katherine had mentioned was an old college sorority nemesis.
Danny tells Palmer that they are getting divorced because she cheated on him with a man named "Dolph Lundgren" (not the actor).
Palmer then insists on meeting Devlin.
Danny asks Katherine to pose as "Devlin" and they go shopping on Rodeo Drive for new clothes to dress like a trophy wife.
A made-over Katherine/Devlin then meets with Danny and Palmer and gives them her blessing.
However, after hearing Katherine talking on the phone with her kids, Palmer assumes that her kids are Danny's as well.
Danny then privately meets with Katherine's kids, Maggie (Bailee Madison) and Michael (Griffin Gluck), to get them to play along with the ruse and gives them the aliases of "Kiki Dee" and "Bart" respectively.
Palmer meets the kids, who then blackmail Danny in front of Palmer to take them all to Hawaii.
At the airport, they are all surprised by Danny's goofball cousin Eddie (Nick Swardson), who has adopted an Austrian disguise as the "Dolph Lundgren" that Danny had made up earlier.
To maintain the lies, Danny and Katherine are forced to bring him along.
At the resort in Hawaii, Danny tells Eddie he is considering asking Palmer to marry him.
Katherine and Danny also run into the real-life Devlin Adams (Nicole Kidman) and her husband Ian Maxtone-Jones (Dave Matthews), who allegedly invented the iPod.
Because of Katherine and Devlin's long-time rivalry, Katherine introduces Danny as her husband rather than admit she is a single mother.
Later, Palmer decides to spend time with Katherine so that Danny can spend more time with the kids.
Danny teaches Michael how to swim, and Katherine and Palmer look on in admiration.
Katherine again runs into Devlin, who invites her and Danny out to dinner.
Eddie agrees to take Palmer out to dinner so that Danny can go with Katherine.
Since he is supposed to be a sheep salesman, Eddie's cover is nearly blown when he is forced to save the life of an actual sheep who choked on a toy whistle, though he nearly kills the animal in the process.
At dinner, Devlin asks Danny and Katherine to tell each other what they admire most about each other, and, as Danny and Katherine talk, they start to feel a connection.
Later, when Palmer and Eddie return from their dinner date, Palmer suggests that she and Danny get married now, since a drunken Eddie told her about Danny's plans of engagement.
Danny and Katherine are both surprised by her proposition, but Danny ultimately agrees.
Danny later calls Katherine regarding his confusion, but Katherine says that she will be taking a job in New York City (which she had mentioned to him earlier) to get a fresh start to her life.
The next day, Palmer confronts Katherine about Danny's feelings for her, which Katherine dismisses.
Katherine then runs into Devlin at a bar and admits that she pretended to be married to Danny to avoid embarrassment.
Devlin confesses that she is divorcing Ian because he is gay and also that he did not invent the iPod, but made his money by suing the Los Angeles Dodgers after getting hit by a foul ball.
Katherine confides in Devlin about being in love with Danny, but then Danny shows up behind her saying that he is not marrying Palmer and that he is in love with Katherine.
Meanwhile, on the plane ride back to the mainland, Palmer meets a professional tennis player (Andy Roddick) who shares her interests.
Sometime later, Danny and Katherine get married.
Alison Kirbe is a young London girl who has just found out she has inherited a Texas ranch from an old soldier she had befriended during World War II.
Mistakenly assuming she is now the owner of a small empire, she crosses the Atlantic Ocean by ship.
On her way, she meets Terence Keath, a fellow passenger heavily in debt to casino owner Lucky Reilly.
To pay off his debts, he attempts to marry rich and starts to seduce Alison, as he thinks she is a wealthy heiress.
Another person who is attracted to Alison is Jeremy Taylor, a millionaire bachelor who is accompanied by his attorney Matthew Kinston.
The following days she enjoys the attention she is receiving from Terence, Jeremy and Matthew, but rejects them all.
She feels most attracted to Matthew, but he mistakenly confronts her for being part of a scheme.
Trying to hurt Matthew, she borrows money from Terence and buys an expensive present for Jeremy, while posing as a wealthy heiress.
After arriving in America, Alison decides to stay in New York for a week before traveling to Texas.
Matthew, meanwhile, tries to find more information on the ranch she has inherited, which makes him suspect her of scheming Jeremy all the more.
Matthew confronts Alison at a casino, where she is gambling with Terence and Jeremy.
He soon apologizes, however, and they kiss not much later.
Terence and Jeremy, who are witnesses of the kiss, are shocked that she prefers a pennyless attorney over them.
The next day, Matthew finds out Alison's ranch is not worth anything and accuses her again of swindling Jeremy.
Alison bursts out in tears, angry at Matthew for turning an honest and good-hearted inheritance into a supposed scheme.
That night, Alison finds out about Terence's financial situation and tries to help him out by offering Reilly to pay off Terence's debts.
It proves unnecessary, though, as Jeremy is prepared to pay for the entire debt.
Afterwards, the three men rush to the hotel, where they propose to Alison all at the same time.
Alison enthusiastically accepts Matthew's proposal and the other men soon move on, hitting on other women only moments later.
Marcus Boyd (Lance Gross), a young African-American, has recently graduated from Columbia Medical School and is headed to Laos for a year to work with Doctors Without Borders.
Unbeknownst to their respective parents, Marcus and his fiancee Lucia Ramirez (America Ferrera), who is Mexican-American, have been living together and would like to get married before they both head off to Laos together.
Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Marcus' father Brad (Forest Whitaker) is coming out of a "meeting" when he sees his car being towed by Miguel (Carlos Mencia), who happens to be Lucia's father.
Brad tries unsuccessfully to halt the tow by holding on to the door of his car.
Both Miguel and Brad hurl various racially based insults at one another.
Brad and Miguel meet later that evening and discover that they will soon be in-laws.
Both Marcus' and Lucia's family try to out do one another to make the wedding more African-American or Mexican-American, with comedic results.
Lucia has also not told her parents that she recently dropped out of Columbia Law School to volunteer teach at a charter school catering to recent immigrants.
This leads Miguel to believe that she will be supporting Marcus as he volunteers as a doctor without pay.
When Miguel tells Marcus that he disapproves of him living off his daughter, Lucia says nothing.
Marcus feels abandoned, leading to an argument with Lucia about her commitment to their relationship.
When Lucia asks Marcus if he no longer wants to get married, he replies he doesn't know, leading her to call off the wedding.
She then angrily reveals to her parents the truth about dropping out of law school and living with Marcus for the past few months when Miguel offers to 'toss the ball' and Lucia's mother Sonia refers to it as 'our wedding'.
Lucia's sister Isabel (Anjelah Johnson), who disapproved of her sister getting married, makes Lucia and the rest of the family realize that Marcus makes Lucia happy and that race should not matter.
Lucia goes to Marcus, they reconcile, and they end up having a wedding that embraces both African and Mexican customs.
During the end credits, several pictures of the two families are shown depicting family events, including Isabel's engagement to Harry (Harry Shum Jr), who is Asian-American.
Lara Jean is a sixteen year old Korean, half-Caucasian girl.
She is exceptionally close to her older sister Margot and her younger sister Katherine (nicknamed Kitty).
They all share the middle name Song, their deceased mother's maiden name, and refer to themselves as "the Song girls".
Lara Jean keeps love letters to all the boys she's ever loved in a teal hatbox given to her by her mother.
Just before Margot leaves for university she breaks up with her boyfriend Josh, who is also their next door neighbor.
Lara Jean, who once had a crush on Josh, finds her feelings for him coming back after Margot leaves and Josh admits during a conversation about crushes that his first serious crush was Lara Jean.
To cope with her feelings, Lara Jean writes a long post script to a letter she wrote when she was fourteen, after Josh asked Margot out instead of her.
That night, Lara Jean teases Kitty about her own crush on Josh, upsetting her.
Peter Kavinsky, one of the boy's Lara Jean wrote a letter to, approaches her one-day during gym class to tell her he doesn't have an STD.
Lara Jean is confused, but realizes that he is referring to a letter she wrote him years ago after he shows her his love letter he received in the mail.
Horrified and confused, she tells him she wrote it a long time ago.
She takes the letter back and runs into the bathroom to read it.
Lara Jean recounts what prompted her to write the letter: when she was in eighth grade, she and Peter were together with a group of mutual friends in John Ambrose McClaren's basement.
Lara Jean and Peter are the last ones to be picked up and on an impulse, Peter kisses her.
Lara Jean cannot find her hatbox at home.
Her father tells her he may have taken it to Goodwill.
That night, she hears Josh come into her house and runs to hide in a treehouse in their neighborhood.
The next morning at school, Josh finds her at her locker and asks her about the letter.
She lies that she tells him she no longer feels that way towards him and that she is dating someone.
When he asks who it is, she sees Peter walking down the hallway.
She tells Josh it is him and to all of their surprise, runs into his arms and kisses him before bolting off.
Later, she waits for Peter outside the locker room.
Peter, thinking that she likes him, rejects her and in defense, she explains what happened.
The next weekend, Josh asks Lara Jean how long they've been dating.
She tells him sadly that they've broken up, to which Josh says that isn't what he heard from Peter.
Peter decides to go along with the lie as he has just broken up with his long-term off and on again girlfriend Genevieve and wants a clean break.
Lara Jean and Peter set up a list of ground rules on how to act and behave around each other.
The more time they spend together, the more confused Lara Jean gets as Peter acts as if he is really Lara Jean's boyfriend.
Josh gets jealous of Peter and when Lara Jean confronts him about his jealousy he kisses her, and tells her he wants to be with her, causing Lara Jean to realize that she wants to date Peter for real.
On a school ski trip Peter tells Lara Jean he does want to date her and the two of them kiss in the hot tub.
The following day Genevieve tells her that there is a rumour that Peter and Lara Jean had sex in the hot tub and that Peter did nothing to deny it.
Humiliated, Lara Jean avoids Peter during Christmas break.
Kitty, however, invites him over to the Covey's for dinner.
When Peter tries to talk to Lara Jean, Josh steps in to try and protect her, and Margot ends up hearing that Josh and Lara Jean kissed.
Margot and Lara Jean eventually reconcile, but Lara Jean remains angry at Peter until Kitty admits that she stole her sister's hatbox and mailed the letters as revenge for Lara Jean almost telling Josh that Kitty had a crush on him.
Kitty tells Lara Jean that Peter really cares for her and returns the hatbox now filled with the notes that Peter gave Lara Jean while they were fake dating which Kitty fished out of the trash.
Reading them over, Lara Jean has a change of heart and takes out her pen and paper to write a real love letter to Peter.
BJ.
Nolan tries to get his millionaire son Kenneth to invest $100,000 in a housing development called Nolan Heights.
However,J.
has a long history of backing crazy projects (which is why his wife left all her money to her son in her will), so Kenneth turns him down.
Architect Virginia Travis, unaware thatJ.
has no money and is besieged by process servers, tries to get him to hire her.
AfterJ.
breaks the news to her, she faints, having not eaten in 49 hours.
He takes her back to his mansion.
When she learns thatJ.
's son is wealthy, she decides to use her wiles to extract the money they need from him, aided byJ.
and her married friends Judy and Hunk.
The latter two masquerade asJ.
's servants (BJ.
had to let his old servants go as he could not pay them) when Kenneth returns from a cruise with his girlfriend Nina and her "uncle" Henri.
Nina is in fact a golddigger after Kenneth's money, while Henri is her secret lover.
Virginia first concocts a scheme to have Kenneth sign five checks for household expenses at once using a mechanical device, one ofJ.
's many failures.
Kenneth signs without noticing that one check is for $100,000, but when Virginia andJ.
go to the bank, mr Judd informs them that Kenneth has to authorize any check over $1000.
Defeated, they return home.
Meanwhile, Nina plots to get Kenneth drunk, so he will propose to her.
Virginia has the same general idea.
After a few drinks, she and Kenneth discover they like the same things and eventually begin kissing, prompting Virginia to have second thoughts about her scheme.
She then passes out from drinking too much.
Kenneth carries her off to deposit her in her bed, past a fuming Nina.
Shortly afterward,J.
wakes her up and cajoles her into trying again for the money while his son is still somewhat drunk.
She goes to Kenneth's room, but when Nina makes an appearance, hides in a tree outside his window.
Her dressing gown gets caught in a branch.
Kenneth comes out to free her.
He finds the contractJ.
had drawn up and is eager to sign it.
Virginia tries to stop him by dousing him with a bucket of water thatJ.
had brought.
Even in his now sober state and with Virginia confessing all, he still wants to finance the project.
He then embraces her.
Uğur Yiğit is a salesman and fanatic Fenerbahçe fan.
Pınar is a successful but headstrong woman who works in an insurance company.
Both are under pressure from their families to marry and settle down.
Uğur's and Pınar's mothers who are close friends, decide to match them together.
However, Uğur and Pınar meet for the first time by chance in a traffic accident when Uğur crashes his car into Pınar's, and they develop an intense rivalry.
Their parents arrange a series of meetings between the two and they eventually fall in love.
As everything is going smoothly, they break up when one of Uğur's "totems" over a football match results in a fight between him and Pınar's father.
Pınar who is asthmatic, becomes very sick and is taken to hospital.
Pınar's boss, Burçaslan who is obsessed with her, tries to threaten and then bribe Uğur to leave the city for a sum of money, but he refuses.
Pınar's parents inform Uğur about her condition and he rushes to the hospital.
Uğur and his friends decide to do a grand "totem" over Pınar's health.
Pınar returns to good health and then she and Uğur get married in the end.
Based on a story by Ernst Marischka, the film is about an Hungarian woman who attends a Viennese fair and buys a card from a gypsy fortune teller which says she will meet someone important and is destined for a happy marriage.
Soon after the woman gets a job as a baker's assistant and meets a handsome army drummer who dreams of becoming a famous composer and conductor, but is held back by the military which discourages original music.
Wanting to help the army drummer, the woman sends one of his waltzes to the Austrian Emperor with his weekly order of pastries, which leads to the tuneful and joyous fulfillment of the gypsy's prediction.
Concert pianist Eric Phillips (David Niven) has been on the road touring for twenty-one years when he finally returns home.
One day he is served a warrant to perform repairs on the building he owns, and learns that his financial advisor, Peter Danilo, bought the building with his money some time ago as an investment.
Eric goes to visit the building and meets some of its tenants.
Among them the young and beautiful photo model Polly Haines (Jane Wyman), and Eric is instantly quite smitten by her.
While they speak Polly's suitor, an insurance salesman, Bruce Arnold (Wayne Morris), arrives to the building.
Being afraid of damaging his piano hands, Eric is convinced to buy an insurance for himself before he starts the building repairs.
Eric and the rest of the tenants agree to fix up the building together during the next few weeks.
They start off by building a roof garden with a day care center, and while the rest of the tenants go at it, Eric takes the kids on a hike.
When he returns from the hike, a building inspector tells him that the building repairs are insufficient.
Eric blames the former owner and present manager, Horace Willoughby (Victor Moore), for the poor quality of the work, and fires him on the spot.
Polly comes to Horace's defense, telling Eric that he is a helpful soul who was unfortunate and had to sell the building to manage.
Filled with remorse, Eric rehires Horace as chief of the repairs.
Inevitably, Eric and Polly fall in love, much to Bruce's dismay, and he is beyond himself with jealousy.
Eric takes advice from a musician friend, Madame Karina, and works less with his hands.
Bruce somehow convinces Eric that Polly isn't really interested in him, and that she only led him on so that Bruce could sell him the insurance.
Eric decides to go on a tour again, but before he has a chance to go, Horace locks him in with Polly in his apartment.
They talk to each other and discover that both Bruce and Peter Danilo wanted Eric separated from Polly, for different selfish reasons.
Eric then leaves on the tour, bringing Polly along, and it becomes their honeymoon trip.
Tommy Lundy (Victor Mature) is an arrogant ex-champion boxer who tries for an acting career on Broadway.
He falls in love with his costar (Betty Grable), who's secretly married to actor John Payne.
Delilah Lee (Betty Grable) is groomed by her husband Jeff Ames (Macdonald Carey) for his new Broadway show.
Delilah becomes such a success to a point where she feels that Jeff thinks of her more as an asset than a wife.
When the show's backer Gloria Carstairs (Lois Andrews) begins coming on to Jeff, Delilah leaves him, but regrets it later on and tries to win him back.
She devises a scheme involving amnesia to lure Jeff back to her.
Igor Sullivan (Thomas Ian Nicholas) tells his new story to a film producer James Ford (Tom Arnold).
His story is a love triangle involving Jennifer (Natalia Cigliuti), Patrick (Jeremy London) and Mark (Joey Lawrence).
The writer and producer visualize the whole story sitting in the office and the film progresses.
Mark and Patrick are two friends who work for an internet based magazine.
Then comes a new girl in the office - Jennifer.
Mark and Patrick both fell for her but Patrick hides his true feelings for the sake of his friend Mark.
Mark is not really in love with Jennifer like Patrick.
Mark just wants to sleep with her.
This results in funny situations.
Finally, Jennifer realizes that Patrick truly loves her and they end up together.
Rosalind Reynolds (Esther Williams), a swimming star goes to Hawaii to make a film set on a tropical island, bringing along her fiancé, Ricardo Montez (Ricardo Montalban).
A military technical adviser for the film,S.
Navy lt Lawrence Kingslee (Peter Lawford) falls in love with her.
Yvonne Torro (Cyd Charisse), her best friend and fellow movie star, secretly wants Ricardo for herself.
Larry, who had met her three years before on a USO show at his Pacific base, makes it obvious that he is smitten with Rosalind, and after kissing her on the set, showing up Ricardo, plans to spirit her away on his aircraft.
Later, at the Royal Aloha hotel, the film cast and crew are entertained by real-life orchestra leader Xavier Cugat and his orchestra.
The next day, taking advantage of a scene where Rosalind flies over the set, Larry flies to the actual island where he first met her.
After asking for a kiss, he knows that Rosalind is attracted to him.
Returning to their aircraft, the two discover that the natives have stolen parts, effectively stranding them on the island.
Meanwhile, her fiancé and the search party he formed are captured by the cannibals who inhabit the tropical isle, but are saved by his rival.
After everyone leaves the island, complications begin.
With Larry facing a court-martial, Rosalind tries to help him by accepting blame for the unauthorized flight to the island.
Eventually, they learn that Yvonne has become romantically involved with Ricardo, while Larry and Rosalind also realize they are in love.
Once upon a time, in the kingdom of Fortunia, a noble king and his lovely young queen lack but one blessing to make their joy complete.
The queen gives birth to a daughter named Snow White, but dies soon after.
The king mourns her, but in time, he remarries because of the pleading of his people.
His new Queen is a beautiful, but evil woman who soon becomes jealous of Snow White's beauty.
On her 17th birthday, Snow White's father dies and the wicked queen immediately imprisons her.
Eventually, the queen's jealousy of her stepdaughter becomes so great that she orders her killed.
Snow White escapes her hired assassin and finds refuge in the empty cottage of the seven dwarfs, soon to be joined by the Three Stooges, who are traveling to the castle with their ward Quatro.
But the boy they have raised since childhood (also narrowly escaping an assassination attempt by the queen) is in reality Prince Charming, who though he has lost his memory, is betrothed to Snow White.
Snow White and the Prince fall in love, but the queen has him kidnapped when she suspects his true identity.
The Stooges, disguised as cooks, attempt to rescue him, but he falls from a staircase in the palace and is presumed dead.
Meanwhile, the queen learns from her magic mirror that Snow White is still alive.
With the help of her magician, Count Oga, she transforms herself into a witch and succeeds in getting Snow White to take a bite from a poisoned apple.
As she rides back to the palace, she encounters the Stooges, and thanks to an inadvertent wish they make on a magic sword (stolen from Count Oga), she crashes her broom into a mountainside and falls to her death.
The Stooges then find the poisoned Snow White, but they do not bury her.
Instead, they place her on a bed, and pray to her each day.
Meanwhile, the Prince (Quatro) has not died from his fall.
Instead, he is saved by a group of men who want to revolt against the Evil Queen's rule over Fortunia.
As the prince recovers, he realizes that his memory has returned, and so he knows that he is indeed a Prince, and that Snow White is the princess he was destined to marry.
After leading a successful revolt which places him on the throne of Fortunia, the prince sends out searchers to find Snow White and the Stooges, unaware that, thanks to yet another inadvertent wish on Count Oga's sword, they are no longer in the country of Fortunia.
All searches are fruitless, and Prince Charming is close to giving up hope when he learns of the Evil Queen's magic mirror.
The mirror responds truthfully to the desperate Prince's pleas, and the Prince sets off on his journey.
He arrives at the Stooges' cabin just in time to dispel the effects of the poisoned apple.
Snow White and Prince Charming are married and live happily ever after.
Grace Hayes, as herself essentially, has been content to play the vaudeville circuit, and support her son, and the wealthy family who shunned her.
Tired of the road, she goes to visit her son, played by her real-life son Peter Lind Hayes, as Peter Kendricks, with her personal assistant, played by her real-life daughter-in-law, Mary Healy, as Mary Healy, in cognito.
Once there, she finds her son and the college “going to Hell in a hand basket” despite the earnest efforts of the kind hearted Dean, Richard "Skeets" Gallagher, as Professor Warren.
The college and the old families are running out of money and spirit.
Grace buys the local diner, turns it into a version of her real-life club, encouraging the kids to give it the old college try, and put on a show to raise the funds and spirit the college needs to survive.
It doesn’t take long, with a little elbow grease, for the kids’ heart to shine through.
The question remains whether the college will survive, or if the Dean, Peter and the kids will be joining Grace and Mary on the road.
Ian Keith plays a French military attaché in Madrid who romantically pursues the wives of various government officials.
Betty Compson and Mary Duncan play the objects of his attention.
In 1967 in Dublin, the unexpected death of Agnes Browne's husband sends her family, consisting of seven children aged between two and fourteen, into emotional turmoil and financial crisis.
She is forced to borrow money from a ruthless loan shark named mr Billy to make ends meet.
She faces her dismal existence by selling fruits and vegetables at an open-air market based in Dublin's Moore Street where she spends time with her best friend Marion, who proves to be a great source of encouragement in her difficulties.
Wishing to escape her troubles, if only for a short time, Agnes dreams of finding enough money to attend an upcoming Tom Jones concert.
Agnes' dream is realized when Marion secretly buys two tickets and gives them to her.
Agnes also accepts the offer of a date with a French baker named Pierre.
Her children pool their money together and buy her a new dress to wear on the date.
Marion soon discovers an ominous lump in her breast, which proves fatal.
Eventually the family has to face the loan shark.
mr Billy warns Agnes that she has until Christmas to pay him back or he will strip her house of her furniture.
On Christmas Day, Agnes receives a letter stating she can collect the money from the hotel where her husband worked.
She holds off mr Billy and sends her children to the hotel, where they meet Tom Jones and tell him their story.
Tom then visits Agnes in her home, helps her pay off mr Billy, and carries off her and the children to the concert in his cab.
At the concert, Tom Jones dedicates his song "She's a Lady" to Agnes.
The film is mostly set in Stockholm and in the small industrial town of Molkom in the Swedish province of Värmland, where Robin, an amateur photographer lives.
When the factory in Molkom shuts down, Robin leaves his beloved hometown to try his luck in Stockholm as a wedding photographer.
His first wedding is an upper-class wedding, where he falls in love with the bride's sister.
He tries to fit in the upper-class, and changes not merely his outlook on life but also his hairstyle.
Rick (Owen Wilson) and Fred (Jason Sudeikis) are best friends, as are their wives, Maggie (Jenna Fischer) and Grace (Christina Applegate).
They are both unhappy with their married lives and missing the old days when they were single.
Realizing this, their wives talk to their friend dr Lucy (Joy Behar) and decide to give them a "Hall Pass": a week off from marriage during which they can have sex with other women.
They are skeptical at first, but ultimately accept the offers and try to pick up women with their friends Gary (Stephen Merchant), Flats (J.
Smoove) and Hog Head (Larry Joe Campbell).
Maggie and Grace spend Rick and Fred's "Hall Pass Week" at Maggie's parents' house in Cape Cod, where Grace flirts with athlete Gerry (Tyler Hoechlin).
She says that if their husbands have Hall Passes, so should they.
With their wives and children away, Fred and Rick check in at a hotel and prepare for their Hall Pass Week.
On day one, they decide to eat before going to a local bar and get too tired to spend the night there, preferring to stay at the hotel.
On day two, they eat hash brownies and decide to play golf, but get too high and wreak havoc on the golf course.
On day three, Rick and Fred go to a bar with their friends but fail to impress the women there.
They decide to get drunk in order to become more loose, but go too far and wind up getting into a fight with other customers.
They spend day four at the hotel suffering from a hangover.
On day five, Rick goes to a local coffee shop where he flirts with an attractive waitress named Leigh (Nicky Whelan), much to the annoyance of her co-worker Brent who insults Rick.
When Rick answers him back, Leigh is impressed and tells Rick that they might see each other at the local gym.
They later meet there, and Leigh invites Rick for a beer after they work out.
Rick decides to sit in the hot tub instead, but falls asleep and stays there for several hours, ending up with his muscles too weak to use and forced to accept the help of two naked men to leave - much to his dismay.
Meanwhile, Grace and Gerry get closer, while Maggie finds herself attracted to Gerry's coach.
On day six, Rick and Fred go to a bar called Enter the Dragon with their friend Coakley (Richard Jenkins), where Rick meets his children's babysitter Paige (Alexandra Daddario), who has just turned 21 and is with her aunt Meg.
Paige is attracted to Rick, but he shoots her down to dance with Leigh.
Brent, the party's DJ, is angry at this.
After the party is over, Rick goes to party at Coakley's while Fred takes a girl to his hotel room.
However, she feels sick, and after a minor incident in the bathroom, is sent back home by Fred before they can have sex.
Later that evening, Paige's aunt shows up at the room and mistakes Fred for Rick, eventually seducing him.
Fred begins to fake oral sex on Meg.
Meanwhile, Gerry's coach tries to seduce Maggie, but she rebuffs him.
Grace, on the other hand, has sex with Gerry, but tells him it will be just that one time.
On her way back home, she feels guilty about cheating on Fred and has a car accident.
At Coakley's house, Rick is approached by Brent, who is angry at Rick for going out with Leigh.
Leigh calms Brent, then finds Rick alone in a bedroom and offers him a one-time fling.
He initially wants to do it, but ultimately rebuffs her, unable to cheat on Maggie.
After answering Fred's phone, Rick learns of Grace's accident and makes his way to the hotel to tell him.
In the lobby he finds Paige, who thinks he was having sex with Meg.
They enter the room and find Fred having fake sex with her.
After finding out the truth, Meg kicks Fred in the face.
Upon hearing about Grace's accident, Fred tries to go to the hospital but finds Brent vandalizing what he thought was Rick's car.
Upon seeing Meg, his mother, at the hotel, Brent thinks Fred has had sex with her and tries to kill him as well, but runs out of bullets and is tackled by Paige and Meg.
Rick and Fred make their way to the hospital with Brent and the police chasing them.
At the hospital, Brent is arrested for attacking them and Fred finds out Grace only broke her nose.
Rick goes back home to Maggie.
He tells her he did not use the Hall Pass and remembers the time he lost his virginity to her.
She is the only woman he has ever been with.
Moved by his declaration, Maggie tells him she did not use her Hall Pass either, and they reconcile and have sex for the first time in months.
Fred and Grace also reconcile and decide to hide their cheating from one another.
However, Fred ultimately confesses that he used his Hall Pass with Meg when Grace asks him to take her to see Kathy Griffin.
During the credits, Fred hosts a barbecue where he pays Kathy Griffin to be present.
Noticing how happy Maggie and Grace are following the Hall Pass week, Gary's wife suggests that she give him a Hall Pass.
After a fantasy where he sleeps with a married woman, resulting in the death of her, her husband, her grandmother and several innocent bystanders (and ending with him getting raped in prison), Gary agrees to "give it a whirl".
Two 29-year-old women, Abigail Scanlon and Parker Wald are best friends and have been best friends since childhood who return to their small hometown of Lambert, Louisiana from New York City for a visit.
After running into old friends, they learn that their close friend, Rachel, has lost the love of her life, Tony, to their ex-friend, Caitlin, a conniving gold-digger who pretends to be pregnant to trick Tony into marrying her so that she can use his money to keep her family's estate.
Intent upon preventing a loveless marriage, Parker and Abigail go "undercover" as Caitlin's bridesmaids to sabotage the wedding.
Along the way, Caitlin's tightly-wound mother, Olivia, works hard to keep Abigail and Parker at bay as Parker falls for the town detective Henry Kent.
The bridesmaids put their best-laid plans in motion only to see them go outrageously awry.
As a result, the trio are arrested by Henry, but Parker convinces him to release them.
So Abigail, Parker, and Rachel sneak into the wedding and kidnap Caitlin.
They take her to the hospital for a pregnancy test and trick her into admitting the truth.
At the wedding ceremony Tony lies to Caitlin that his family lost their fortunes which leads to her canceling the wedding and storming off.
After Caitlin is gone, Tony gets on one knee and proposes to Rachel and reveals that he lied and that he is still rich.
At the end of the film, Parker stars in a major action film with Henry at her side as her consultant, Rachel marries Tony, and Abigail sells her book on their antics as bridesmaids.
One year after their royal wedding, King Edvard and Queen Paige of Denmark receive an invitation to attend the wedding of Princess Myra of Sangyoon.
Upon their arrival, Paige finds Myra is unhappy with her arranged marriage to the brooding and sinister Kah and is secretly in love with a young elephant handler named Alu.
When the secret romance between Myra and Alu is revealed, Alu is thrown into jail, and the sacred wedding elephant goes missing in the jungle.
To save Princess Myra, Paige and Eddie must find the elephant and free Alu before convincing the king of Sangyoon that true love reigns supreme over all.
Softball player Lisa Jorgenson is devastated when she is left off the Team USA roster.
Unsure what to do next, Lisa begins dating Matty Reynolds, a pitcher for the Washington Nationals.
She also receives an intriguing phone call from a young executive, George Madison, who was advised by a friend of Lisa's to give her a call.
George calls out of politeness because he wants to explain that his relationship with his girlfriend has just become more serious.
But life takes an abrupt turn for the worse for George when he suddenly finds himself the target of a federal criminal investigation for corporate malfeasance at a company run by his father, Charles Madison.
George is fired from his job and abandoned by the company, with the exception of his father and his pregnant secretary, Annie.
Still reeling from this blow, George goes to his girlfriend for sympathy and is stunned when she immediately breaks up with him.
On a whim, George calls again to invite Lisa to dinner and she accepts.
It turns out to be a disaster; George is so overwhelmed with his troubles that Lisa eventually asks that they just eat in silence, and they part ways not expecting to see one another again.
Soon, Lisa moves in with Matty, who has a penthouse in the same upscale building where George's father lives.
Matty is rich, well-meaning and fun, but is also immature and insensitive, and continues to have casual affairs with other women.
George is indicted and could face prison time.
Annie is so loyal that she tries to give him inside information in advance, but he urges her not to lose her own job.
Matty tries to do better in Lisa's eyes, promising to consider seeing fewer women on the side.
He inadvertently offends her, so Lisa moves out and spends a pleasant, tipsy evening at George's modest new apartment.
George's father then drops one last bombshell on his son: It was he who committed the illegal act for which George is being charged.
Due to a previous conviction, Charles would spend at least 25 years &mdash; basically, the rest of his life &mdash; in prison, whereas George would only do three years at most.
On the night Annie's baby is born and her boyfriend proposes, Lisa begins to reconsider her previous reluctance to settle down.
George is clearly smitten with her, but Matty pleads for another chance and she accepts.
George makes a proposition to his father: He will take one more shot at persuading Lisa to be with him; If she will, Charles must go to jail, and if she won't, George will take the rap for his dad.
At a birthday party that Matty throws for her, George confesses his feelings for Lisa and goes outside to give her time to think it over, Charles looking on from above.
Finally, Lisa says goodbye to Matty and joins George outside.
At the end of the movie, they are seen boarding a bus together.
In 2002, Marni Olsen (Kristen Bell) is an acne-riddled high school sophomore in Ridgecrest, California, with glasses and braces, making a video about how much she hates high school, and reveals how she is tormented and bullied by other children, specifically J-J the high school mean girl (Odette Yustman), who made Marni's high school life miserable.
She adds that her protective older brother, Will (James Wolk), was very popular as a handsome basketball player.
However, at a very important basketball game, J-J pushes the mascot (Marni), who runs into Will, resulting in a loss of the game.
Eight years later, in 2010, she is a successful public relations executive in Los Angeles, recently promoted to a job in New York.
When she returns to Ridgecrest to her attend her older brother's Georgia King (Kristin Chenoweth) planned wedding, she discovers that Will is about to marry a girl named Joanna, who happens to be J-J.
When Marni meets Joanna for the first time in eight years, Joanna seems not to recognize her.
Marni is also upset to see that Joanna fits in very well with the family.
The plot thickens when Marni's mother Gail (Jamie Lee Curtis) meets up with Joanna's aunt Ramona (Sigourney Weaver), Gail's former best friend who pushed her into a pool at their senior prom.
Ramona is now a successful, wealthy woman who owns several hotels and a private plane.
Although Gail seems willing to put the past behind her, she still feels the need to "outdo" Ramona during their interactions together.
On the other hand, Marni is unwilling to forget the things Joanna did to her in high school, unless she apologizes, and decides to try to let her brother know of Joanna's bullying past.
Her attempts to get Will alone for a conversation fail.
When Marni tells Joanna that she knows who she really is, it is obvious that Joanna remembers Marni.
She refuses to give Marni a meaningful apology, and treats her disrespectfully, leaving Marni convinced that Joanna has not changed.
Meanwhile, Gail comes to Ramona's hotel room for "closure" about anything bad between them that happened in the past.
They appear to make up, but Ramona still seems not to be too fond of Gail.
One day on the street, Will and Marni's grandmother Bunny (Betty White) meet a man named Tim (Kyle Bornheimer).
Joanna reveals that they have dated, and Tim appears devastated when he hears that she's marrying Will.
Marni decides to bring Tim to the rehearsal dinner as part of her plan to stop the wedding.
When it is time for guests to make a toast to the bride and groom, Tim unexpectedly jumps up to give his toast to Joanna.
He reveals to a stunned wedding party that Joanna left him at the altar.
Later, a video is presented (recovered by Marni) from their old high school time capsule.
The video reveals Joanna confessing who she was in high school: an alpha-female bully, with the footage showing proof of her tormenting Marni and other students.
As the video is showing her ruining Will's basketball game; Will unplugs the video projector before the video is complete and walks out, furious.
Marni is in trouble when everyone discovers that she was responsible for the video at the rehearsal dinner.
Joanna's defense for pretending not to remember Marni is: "I thought we could start over".
Marni is now convinced that Joanna hasn't changed, and walks away.
Joanna then starts a fight with Marni, who fights back.
Will walks in and witnesses the fight.
He confronts Joanna, calling her a bully and a liar and then scolds Marni for starting the mess behind his back.
Joanna tries to reason with Will but he doesn't care about her past and is furious that she lied to him.
Ramona and Gail argue after the rehearsal dinner, and Ramona accuses Gail of trying to ruin her life throughout high school.
A fight ensues, with both of them falling into the pool.
Ramona reveals that she had a grudge with Gail, even when they were best friends, because she always competed with and outdid her, culminating with Gail taking the boy that Ramona wanted to the prom.
Ramona stated that Gail was already a legendary head cheerleader and prom queen, and drama was supposed to be hers, yet Gail also defeated her with the auditions.
She sarcastically thanks Gail for what she did, because it motivated her to become successful in life.
Gail apologizes for being insensitive, but reveals that she is proud of Ramona, and that her loving family is her accomplishment.
Ramona, remorseful of her actions, reveals that she was just jealous of Gail's happy family especially that her marriages didn't work out, and feared that Gail was trying to take Joanna away from her.
The two are hugging in the pool when Gail's husband, Mark (Victor Garber), shows up.
At home, he says that he is disgusted with the wedding and weekend being a disaster and grounds Marni and Gail, despite protest.
Later that night, Marni finds Joanna in the kitchen binging on junk food.
She finally admits to Marni that she feels truly awful for bullying and tormenting her and feels like a terrible person, and that she loves Will and his entire family.
She explained that when she found out that Marni is her fiance's sister, she panicked and decided to pretend not to remember her.
Marni forgives her and promises to get them back together.
Marni apologizes to Will for her actions, saying she was only trying to protect him.
Joanna and Will reconcile in the family's old tree house, but it collapses and injures both of them.
Marni and Will's little brother, Ben (Billy Unger), loosened the screws as a part of his plan in hiding the tree house because Will was going to move it as a wedding present.
They are both forced to stay at a hospital, which delays the wedding.
However, Marni puts together a makeshift wedding at the hospital, with the bride and groom bandaged, but properly dressed and able to walk down the aisle.
Gail has a surprise for Ramona, it's Richie Phillips (Patrick Duffy), the boy from high school that Ramona wanted to go to the prom with.
Richie welcomes Ramona home and wants to be her date for the wedding, which makes Ramona very happy and they appear to start a relationship.
Marni appears to start a relationship with Charlie (Sean Wing), her brother's best friend who has always been kind to her.
Joanna introduces Marni's grandmother Bunny to an elderly woman, Helen Sullivan (Cloris Leachman).
Unfortunately Helen and Bunny were rivals in high school when Helen stole a boy from her.
Bunny gets her revenge when she cuts in on Helen's dance and takes her partner.
At the wedding reception, Marni presents her wedding gift to Will and Joanna—Hall & Oates in person performing Will and Joanna's favorite and special song, "Kiss on My List" (as the movie's couples, each share kisses—Will and Joanna, Marni and Charlie, Gail and Mark, Ramona and Richie, and Georgia forces a kiss from Tim).
Everyone then joins Hall & Oates on stage.
In Boston, Ally Darling (Anna Faris) is a thirty-something woman who is struggling to make better decisions with her life.
Her boyfriend Rick (Zachary Quinto) breaks up with her when she asks him to attend her sister Daisy's (Ari Graynor) upcoming wedding, and she then gets laid off from her job.
While taking the subway home, Ally comes across a Marie Claire magazine article entitled "What's Your Number.
", which says that women who have more than twenty lovers in their lifetime have difficulty finding a husband.
After making a list of all the men she slept with, she realizes that her number is nineteen, making her decide not to have sex with anyone else until she finds "the one".
She then wakes up after Daisy's bachelorette party and discovers that she hooked up with her ex-boss Roger (Joel McHale).
Hoping to avoid an awkward confrontation, Ally lets her musician neighbor Colin Shea (Chris Evans) into her apartment so that Roger will leave.
It turns out that Colin was only over to avoid a girl that he slept with, because he doesn't want to give the women he sees any expectations.
Ally then runs into "Disgusting Donald" (Chris Pratt), her once overweight ex-boyfriend who's now successful and good-looking, and his fiancee.
She decides to track down all of her ex-boyfriends in the hope that one of them will have grown into the man she wants to marry, and therefore the number of men she has slept with will never have to increase.
She gets help from Colin (who's skilled in 'digging up dirt') to find all of her exes in exchange for letting him stay in her place after his one-night stands, telling Colin to pay particular attention to one ex Jake Adams (Dave Annable), who Ally sees as 'the one that got away'.
Things do not quite work out the way she expected and Ally remembers why it didn't work out with those men in the first place.
Depressed after an unsuccessful search, Ally has a night out with Colin that culminates in the two growing closer and almost having sex.
She stops him, but without a boyfriend decides to take him as her date to Daisy's wedding.
Daisy and Ally's friends worry she is falling for Colin and warn her off him, reminding her of his promiscuous nature.
Soon Ally is furious when she finds out that Colin had found Jake Adams' contact details after all but withheld them in belief that they were going to become an item, and the two have a falling out.
She successfully contacts Jake and the two begin to date again.
Ally attends her sister's wedding with him while Colin and his band perform at a different wedding.
During a slow-dance with Jake at the reception, Ally confesses her 'number' to Jake, and Jake, thinking she's joking expresses disgust at the thought.
Ally quickly realizes that her true feelings lie with Colin and that she and Jake are incompatible, breaking it off with him.
Ally then has to run to numerous weddings before she finally finds Colin and confesses her feelings.
Waking up with Colin the next morning, Ally gets a call from an old boyfriend (Aziz Ansari) telling her that they in fact did not sleep together.
Ally rejoices in the fact that Colin is indeed the 20th and last man she ever slept with.
2nd lt Merle Wye (Hutton), an Army Intelligence officer stationed in Hawaii, is rendered horizontal when struck in the head by a foul ball while playing for his unit's baseball team.
In the post hospital he is attracted to lt Molly Blue (Prentiss), a nurse he once knew in college.
His superior (and manager of the team) orders the inept Merle to distant Rotohan, a secure island liberated some months before, ostensibly to relieve lt Billy Monk (Jack Carter), who has been unable to capture a Japanese holdout called Kobayashi suspected of pilfering military supplies.
However the coach really wants Monk, a former professional baseball player, for his team.
By claiming to be ordered to dangerous duty Merle tries to seduce Blue, who when she discovers the ruse barely gives him the time of day.
On Rotohan, Merle and his Nisei interpreter (and lothario) Sgt.
Roy Tada (Yoshio Yoda) team up with Monk to flush out the wily thief hiding in the hills.
Using a reluctant Tada as a "spy" they discover that Kobayashi has been stealing the supplies, all creature comforts, to feed and clothe his pregnant girlfriend.
But Merle is distracted when Blue is also assigned to his camp.
With the Navy, in the form of obnoxious Cmdr.
Jeremiah Hammerslag (Jim Backus), also hunting Kobayashi, Merle is threatened by his new superior, Col.
Korotny (Charles McGraw), with another transfer if he does not capture Kobayashi soon—this time to an even more remote rock with only six other soldiers as company.
While romancing a local girl (Miyoshi Umeki), Tada discovers that Kobayashi is not even a soldier but a former circus performer hidden in a cave in the hills by the villagers.
That night Kobayashi is to appear at a variety show staged by the locals to entertain the Americans.
When Merle tries to arrest him, the agile Kobayashi stuns him using judo, knocking him horizontal again, and escapes.
Col.
Korotny tells Merle he is shipping out in the morning.
During a drive in the hills to "say goodbye", Merle and Blue stumble on the cave, where Blue captures the acrobat after Merle once more becomes "the horizontal lieutenant".
Merle is given a medal anyway and wins her heart.
King Serge IV of Molvania (Menjou) comes to a small American town, and falls in love with one of its residents, Mary Young (Love).
Lois Ames (Kay Francis) is the editor of 400 Magazine, whose wealthy husband, Fred (Kenneth Thomson), pays her little attention.
His interests are polo and partying.
When her personal secretary, (Charlotte Merriam), can no longer take the long hours of work and quits, Lois hires Tom Sheridan (David Manners), a handsome man who happens to come by the office to demonstrate a rowing machine, as her new secretary.
Tom soon makes himself indispensable to Lois, and their long hours spent together leads them to fall in love with each other.
Tom's fiancée, Ruth Holman (Una Merkel), senses something is going on and isn't happy about it.
Tom's roommate, Andy Doyle (Andy Devine), uses Tom's absences and Ruth's distress to try to romance Ruth himself.
Meanwhile, Lois's husband, Fred, is having an affair with Anna Le Maire (Claire Dodd).
Lois finds out when she discovers a key to Anna's room in Fred's vest pocket, which she puts on Fred's pillow; nothing is said between them, but Fred now knows that Lois knows about his infidelity.
After things go too far between Tom and Lois, Tom quits and begins to plan a wedding with Ruth.
Lois tries to smooth things over with Fred, but instead they agree on an amicable divorce.
On Tom's last day of work, Lois keeps him busy until very late, and he misses a dinner engagement with Ruth and Andy.
Ruth storms into the office, with Andy in tow, and threatens to tell Fred about the affair.
Lois tells everyone about the divorce, Ruth breaks her engagement with Tom and threatens to marry Andy in revenge, and Tom asks Lois to marry him.
Sharpay Evans (Ashley Tisdale) performs a dance number at the Lava Springs Country Club ("Gonna Shine").
There she meets a famous producer Jerry Taylor (Pat Mastroianni) who offers her a chance to star in his newest show on Broadway.
Sharpay convinces her father Vance (Robert Curtis Brown) to let her move to New York City on her own.
He hesitantly accepts, but he has a condition; if the plan backfires and she isn't in a show by the end of the month, Sharpay is forced to move back with her parents and work at Lava Springs.
In New York, Sharpay is kicked out of her penthouse because they don't allow dogs.
While in despair, she meets Peyton Leverett (Austin Butler), an aspiring film director and son of Sharpay's mother's friend from college, who offers her a studio apartment if she will be the subject of his film project, to capture one unique New York story.
Sharpay accepts but is disgusted to find out what it is.
To make her feel better, Peyton takes her to the stage of a Broadway theatre, which inspires her to make the best of the situation.
Together they explore New York City and go shopping to give her apartment the diva-pink style Sharpay is famous for.
The next day, Sharpay heads to her audition, only to discover that Jerry wanted to audition Boi for the part of the 'best friend' in his new musical, A Girl's Best Friend, about a girl and her dog.
When she finds out they only want Boi, she becomes discouraged.
However, with the help of Peyton, she auditions him ("My Boi And Me"), only to be caught in a tie with the very competitive child star Roger Elliston (Bradley Steven Perry) and his pedigree Cavalier King Charles Spaniel, Countess ("My Girl And Me").
While the owners bicker, Boi and Countess immediately fall in love.
Minutes later, Sharpay meets Broadway star Amber Lee Adams (Cameron Goodman), star of the show, who Sharpay admires.
Leaving the theater, Sharpay is threatened by Roger that if she doesn't drop out, there will be serious consequences.
Later, at her apartment, Sharpay and Peyton discuss their respective dreams and the various obstacles in their way.
Sharpay notices that Boi starts behaving mysteriously when he is thinking about Countess, and decides that Boi hates Countess as much as she does.
Rehearsals begin the next morning, with the directors using both dogs interchangeably.
Roger and Sharpay attempt to sabotage each other's dog's scene time by distracting them with food, cats, and dog whistles.
After rehearsals, Amber Lee catches the dogs alone and tells them that she's trying to get the writers to cut out the part of the best friend completely, allowing for more stardom for herself.
Later on, Amber Lee fires her assistant over something petty and hires Sharpay, just to boss her around.
Unknowingly, Sharpay is a maid to her and answers to her every need.
Amber makes it appear that she is Sharpay's friend and that her being a servant would place Boi in the lead for getting the role.
While Roger and Sharpay fight over which dog gets the role at next rehearsal, Boi and Countess run away together, madly in love, and enjoy a jaunt around the city, even experiencing a carriage ride through central park ("Baby").
Sharpay and Roger panic, finally uniting to find the dogs.
Peyton finds them and returns them to the two new friends.
At the end of the day, Peyton begins to question Sharpay's motives for getting Boi in the production, and she drops out of his movie.
Sharpay later finds out that Amber Lee is really an egotistical diva who is rude to everyone on the production and plans to remove the dogs from the show to make the musical all about her.
Heartbroken, Sharpay seeks the support of Peyton, and the two make up.
The next day (the first day of previews), Sharpay and Roger concoct a plan to remove Amber from the show.
Roger smears raw chicken all over her golden shoes and when Amber Lee wears them the dogs start to lick her shoes.
Her plan seemingly works when Amber Lee throws a tantrum and shows her true colors to the audience, including her fan club.
However, Amber Lee quits the production and Sharpay is fired.
Just as it seems that the show is about to be canceled due to the loss of its star, Peyton shows his footage of Sharpay singing the show's emotional ballad ("New York's Best Kept Secret").
Impressed, the directors hire Sharpay as the lead in A Girl's Best Friend, however, Sharpay only accepts the role on the condition that Boi and Countess split the role of the best friend equally.
The directors agree and the production is back on.
Sharpay realizes what she's done and confides in Peyton her fears about being a star.
Assuring her that she will be great, Peyton kisses her.
On opening night, paparazzi are everywhere, fans and stars alike flood the theatre to see the opening night of A Girl's Best Friend.
Peyton, Sharpay's parents, and the world watch as Sharpay finally takes the stage in her Broadway debut ("The Rest Of My Life").
In a scene exclusive to television and Netflix showings, Sharpay's twin brother Ryan (Lucas Grabeel), on a break from his musical tour around the country, pays her a visit after she became a star on Broadway to congratulate her.
While Boi escapes from Sharpay's apartment and she chases after him, Ryan relaxes on his sister's bed until it folds back into the closet, taking him with it.
In 2010, Gil Pender, a successful but creatively unfulfilled Hollywood screenwriter, and his fiancée Inez, are in Paris vacationing with Inez's wealthy, conservative parents.
Gil is struggling to finish his first novel, centered on a man who works in a nostalgia shop.
Inez dismisses his ambition as a romantic daydream, and encourages him to stick with lucrative screenwriting.
Gil is considering moving to Paris (which he notes, much to the dismay of his fiancée, is at its most beautiful in the rain).
Inez is intent on living in Malibu.
By chance, they are joined by Inez's friend Paul, who is described as both pedantic and a pseudo-intellectual, and who speaks with great authority but questionable accuracy on the history and artworks of Paris.
Paul contradicts a tour guide at the Musée Rodin, and insists that his knowledge of Rodin's relationships is more accurate than that of the guide.
Inez admires him; Gil finds him insufferable.
Gil gets drunk one night when Inez has gone off dancing with Paul and his wife, and becomes lost in the back streets of Paris.
At midnight, a 1920s Peugeot Type 176 car draws up beside him, and the passengers, dressed in 1920s clothing, urge him to join them.
They go to a party for Jean Cocteau, where he encounters Cole Porter, as well as Zelda and Scott Fitzgerald.
Gil realizes (but doesn't draw attention to) that he has been transported back to the 1920s, an era he idolizes.
Scott and Zelda, along with Cole and his wife, Linda Lee Porter, go to another bar, Chez Bricktop, where he sees Josephine Baker.
At a third bar, Gil meets Juan Belmonte and Ernest Hemingway.
Hemingway offers to show Gil's novel to Gertrude Stein, and Gil goes to fetch his manuscript from his hotel.
However, as soon as he leaves, he finds he has returned to 2010 and that the bar where the 1920s literati were drinking is a laundromat.
Gil attempts to bring Inez to the past with him the following night, but she becomes impatient and peevishly returns to the hotel.
Just after she leaves, the clock strikes midnight and the same car arrives, this time with Hemingway inside.
He takes Gil to meet Stein, who agrees to read his novel and introduces him to Pablo Picasso and his lover Adriana.
Adriana and Gil are instantly attracted to each other.
Stein reads aloud the novel's first line:  Gil spends each of the next few nights in the past.
His late-night wanderings annoy Inez, and arouse the suspicion of her father, who hires a private detective to follow him.
Gil spends more and more time with Adriana, who leaves Picasso for a brief dalliance with Hemingway.
Gil realizes he is falling in love with her, leaving him in conflict.
He confides his predicament to Salvador Dalí, Man Ray and Luis Buñuel, but being surrealists they see nothing strange about his claim to have come from the future, finding it to be perfectly normal.
They discuss the impossibility of Gil's relationship with Adriana, and each of the artists envisages a different masterpiece inspired by such an unusual romance.
Later on Gil suggests a movie plot to Buñuel - that of Buñuel's own 1962 film The Exterminating Angel - and leaves while Buñuel continues to question the plot idea.
In present-day Paris, while Inez shops for expensive furniture, Gil meets Gabrielle, an antique dealer and fellow admirer of the Lost Generation.
He buys a Cole Porter gramophone record, and later finds Adriana's diary from the 1920s at a book stall by the Seine, which reveals that she was in love with him.
Reading that she dreamed of receiving a gift of earrings from him and then making love to him, Gil attempts to take a pair of Inez's earrings to give to Adriana, but is thwarted by Inez's early return from a trip.
Gil buys earrings for Adriana.
Returning to the past, he finds her at a party and tells Adriana, "I sense there are some complicated feelings you have for me".
He takes her for a walk, they kiss, and he gives her the earrings.
While she's putting them on, a horse-drawn carriage comes down the street, and a richly-dressed couple inside the carriage invite Gil and Adriana for a ride.
The carriage transports the passengers to the Belle Époque, an era Adriana considers Paris's Golden Age.
Gil and Adriana go first to Maxim's Paris, then to the Moulin Rouge where they meet Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Paul Gauguin, and Edgar Degas.
Gil asks what they thought the best era was, and the three determine that the greatest era was the Renaissance.
The enthralled Adriana is offered a job designing ballet costumes, and proposes to Gil that they stay, but Gil, upon observing that different people long for different "golden ages", has an epiphany, and realizes that despite the allure of nostalgia, any time can eventually become a dull "present", so embrace your actual present.
Adriana however, elects to stay in the 1890s, and they part.
Gil rewrites the first two chapters of his novel and retrieves his draft from Stein, who praises his progress as a writer and tells him that Hemingway likes it, but questions why the main character has not realized that his fiancée (based on Inez) is having an affair with a pedantic character (based on Paul).
Gil returns to 2010 and confronts Inez.
She admits to having slept with Paul, but dismisses it as a meaningless fling.
Gil breaks up with her and decides to move to Paris.
Amid Inez's pique, Gil calmly leaves, after which Inez's father tells her and her mother that he had Gil followed, though the detective has mysteriously disappeared.
It is revealed that the detective found himself in the Versailles of Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette, and is last seen fleeing from the agents of the State.
Walking by the Seine at midnight, Gil bumps into Gabrielle and, after it starts to rain, he offers to walk her home and they learn that they share the love of Paris in the rain.
George (Freddie Highmore) is a loner high school student with a penchant for drawing and skipping class.
He has a nihilistic view of the world which is why he never does homework and skips school frequently.
His academic delinquency puts him on academic probation.
One day while on the school roof he encounters another classmate, Sally (Emma Roberts), smoking.
When a teacher appears, George pulls out a cigarette and takes the fall for Sally.
The two become friends.
On career day, George meets a young artist, Dustin, and finds him inspiring.
He brings Sally with him to visit Dustin at his studio in Brooklyn and it becomes apparent that Dustin finds Sally attractive.
Sally invites George to a New Year's Eve party.
At the party, she dances with an ex-boyfriend and George gets drunk, goes outside, throws up, and falls asleep in an alley.
Sally finds him there and takes him to her place, putting him to bed on a pull-out next to her bed.
They grow close and George gets more involved in school.
On Valentine's Day, the two go out to dinner and Sally starts asking questions what he thinks of her.
George is evasive, and she asks him if he'll have sex with her.
George freezes.
Sally backtracks and claims she was kidding.
He remains withdrawn and begs off early.
He refuses to take Sally's calls and avoids her.
One day Sally runs into Dustin in the street and after a while the two of them start a relationship.
George who is troubled by this stops doing homework and is again sent to the principal's office.
The principal gives George two choices: he can be expelled, or he can make up all of the homework he has missed all year.
George is confronted by his mother and stepfather at home, and he responds by telling his mother that his stepfather has been lying about work.
The stepfather attacks him and George knocks him down before taking off.
He goes to Sally's place and, in the hallway, he kisses her.
Sally kisses back but breaks away.
Dustin is there in her apartment.
Angry and hurt, George leaves.
The next morning, George finds his mother in the park.
She tells him she's divorcing George's stepfather.
George consoles her and begins to rethink his situation with Sally.
At school he decides to make up his assignments and collects them.
His art teacher tells him he wants only one project, but that it must be honest and real.
George works on his assignments and takes his final exams.
Sally continues seeing Dustin.
One day George gets a message from Sally.
They meet in a bar and Sally tells him she's going backpacking with Dustin through Europe and skipping graduation.
George tells her he loves her and they go back to her apartment, where they kiss.
Sally tells him that she loves him too and promises they'll be together one day.
George turns in all his assignments and the principal tells him he'll know he's passed if his name is called at graduation.
George's art teacher applauds him on his project.
George sits at the graduation ceremony with Sally's friends with his mother in the audience.
Sally is at the airport with Dustin.
George's name is called and his mother applauds.
Afterwards George is in the art classroom looking at his art project.
It is a portrait of Sally.
Sally walks in and joins him looking at the painting as the film closes.
Although she is an heiress and quite lovely, Venice Muir is very shy.
She is flattered when flirtatious Donnie Wainwright urges her to elope to Paris with him, then irked when he abandons her before their ship departs.
Venice gets an idea, hiring a penniless fellow, Guy Bryson, to pretend to be a gigolo and spread word of Venice's effect on men.
Soon she is the toast of Paris, suitors lining up to woo her, including Rene, a man of noble lineage.
Unbeknownst to her, Rene is in serious debt.
When she rejects his proposal, Rene commits suicide, enhancing Venice's reputation as a heartbreaking vixen.
Sailing back home, Venice is followed by more gossip, including some about Guy.
A dazzled Donnie begins pursuing her again, finally winning over Venice without ever knowing of her ruse.
The daughter of wealthy and famous novelist Meg Swift, Mimi is a young woman who seems to have a perfect life.
The opposite appears to be the case, as her deep love for playboy Alan Wythe remains unanswered.
Despite her mother's newspaper artist friend Jimmy Kilmartin warnings of Alan's scandalous past revolving women, Mimi is determined to one day become mrs Wythe.
However, another woman beats her to the title.
Mimi is crushed when she finds out that Alan is marrying heiress Elizabeth Kent, but swallows her pride to serve as the bridesmaid.
At the wedding, Mimi overhears snobbish women gossiping about her love life.
As a result, she gets drunk and admits to Alan she is in love with him.
Later that night, Jimmy attempts to console her, as does Meg.
Encouraged by her mother, Mimi agrees to move out of the house and build up a career to forget Alan.
After moving in an apartment, Jimmy arranges her a job as an illustrator at his newspaper.
Months go by and Mimi has become a happy woman, although she has not forgot about Alan.
When she receives notice of Alan and Elizabeth's return from their honeymoon, she pretends she no longer has feelings for Alan.
Encouraged by those thoughts, she even agrees to meet Alan and offers him to be friends.
Alan is interested in the thought of befriending a woman and they decide on going out.
Meg and Jimmy spot them attending a boxing match and are immediately worried.
The next day, following a joyful night with Alan, Mimi admits to Jimmy that she is still in love with Alan.
Jimmy tries to prevent her from breaking up a marriage, but Mimi is determined to convince Alan to divorce Elizabeth so they can marry.
She calls Elizabeth and informs her of her true feelings.
Later that day, Alan, despite being discouraged by Jimmy, meets Mimi with plans of continuing their affair.
He is worried, though, when he finds out he is to divorce Elizabeth.
They are interrupted by a visit from Elizabeth, who blames her husband for being too selfish.
Alan agrees with his wife, and accompanies Elizabeth to save their marriage, leaving Mimi behind crushed.
Yet again, Jimmy consoles Mimi and they agree on ending their quarrel over their different views on morality.
After arriving at Meg's, they realize they have been in love with each other the entire time and they kiss.
Wayne Carter (Lowell Sherman) is a New York playboy, who pays no attention to the marital status of his many dalliances.
However, there are some women whose attention he attempts to avoid, one such being the married Agatha Carraway (Mae Murray).
Helene and Lita Andrews (Irene Dunne and Claudia Dell, respectively) are small town girls who have come to the big city in order to find fame and fortune.
Helene is much more sensible than her younger sister, Lita, who is a bit flighty.
Eventually, Lita believes she has a millionaire interested in her, Carter.
When she goes to have dinner at his apartment, an alarmed Helene goes to track her down to prevent anything untoward from occurring.
However, upon her arrival, she discovers that Lita has really attracted the attention of Carter's butler, Rollins (Charles Coleman), with whom she is having dinner.
Carter is entranced with the sensible, earnest Helene.
Discovering she is in need of employment, he offers her a job in his office as an executive secretary.
She at first refuses, cautious about his intentions, but in need of work, she eventually relents and accepts the position.
Their mutual attraction grows, and Carter is seemingly beginning to give up his libidinous liaisons, until one afternoon when Carter asks her over to his apartment, not on a personal level, but to take some dictation.
Again leery, she agrees and meets him at his apartment, and all is going well until the flirtatious Agatha shows up at the apartment.
When her husband (Purnell Pratt) shows up shortly after, and Agatha hides in the bedroom while the two men have a discussion about marital issues, Helene once again becomes disenchanted with Carter, and resigns her position.
Realizing that he is truly in love with Helene, Carter is relentless in attempting to convince her of his sincerity, and of his deep feelings for her.
Eventually, she comes to believe him, and agrees to meet him at his apartment.
Unfortunately, Agatha is also relentless, and shows up once again.
This time, when her husband shows up slightly later, he is armed and threatens Carter, since he knows his wife is hiding in the bedroom.
To save Carter, Helene, who was with Agatha in the bedroom, exits, and swears that she is the only woman in the apartment.
Mollified, Carraway leaves.
After Agatha also departs, Carter is relieved and thinks everything is all right, but Helene is upset over the entire episode, and leaves deeply upset.
Carter is distraught, thinking he has lost the woman he loves.
Helene rebuffs all of his attempts to win her back.
Nothing works, until Lita runs off to live in sin with a musical producer, Lee Graham (Norman Kerry).
Carter had introduced the two, in an attempt to further endear himself to Helene, since he found out that Lita dreamed of being a stage performer.
Helene is beside herself with worry, since she has no idea on how to find Lita and Graham.
She turns to Carter, who tracks them down, and reunites the two sisters.
Helene finally understands that Carter is being sincere, and accepts his proposal of marriage.
Peabody Jr.
(Neil Hamilton) and his friends prepare to frolic into the night before he must begin work the following day at his father's department store.
Before departing, Peabody Sr.
(Edward Martindale) lectures his son about the women of the day and that all the cuties at the store are off limits.
In the meantime, Pert Kelly (Colleen Moore), after winning a dance contest is being wooed by gentlemen of questionable character.
All parties end up having a wild time at "The Boiler" where Pert catches the eye of Peabody Jr.
who gives her a ride home and schedules a date for the following night.
Pert is tardy to work as she was up until 3 and must report to the personnel office where she is surprised to find Peabody Jr.
working.
Peabody Sr.
is there, figures out what's going on, and terminates Pert's employment.
Peabody Jr.
must wait several hours past the scheduled date before he can talk to Pert and explain he did not do the firing.
They schedule another date.
Lavish gifts arrive for Pert to wear to the next date.
She gets lectured by Pa Kelly (John st Polis) about the lack of virtues of the "modern" man.
Similarly Peabody Jr.
is again lectured about the "modern" woman by Peabody Sr.
On the next date, Peabody Jr.
has devised a test of Pert's virtue.
When he tries to push her past her personal limits, she protests, in the process passing his test with ease.
They are married that night, and they arrive back home to prove her virtue to Peabody Sr.
who now cannot refute it.
Wendell, a neurotic, aimless twentysomething, struggles to figure out which girl he really belongs with: Joanna, the best girl he's ever known, or Vicky, the worst.
His friend Dave helps him sort through his thoughts as Wendell discovers not only whom he should be with but who he truly is under all that neurosis.
Larry Crowne (Tom Hanks), a middle-aged Navy veteran, is fired from his job at a big-box store due to a lack of college education, despite his seniority and exemplary work.
Larry, who is divorced and lives alone, cannot find a job and could lose his house.
Larry's neighbor, Lamar (Cedric the Entertainer), advises him to enroll in the local community college and get an education.
Subsisting on unemployment benefits and unable to afford to drive his SUV, Larry buys a scooter from Lamar.
At the college, he becomes part of a colorful community of outcasts, also-rans, and the overlooked all trying to find a better future for themselves.
Two of the classes he takes are speech, taught by Mercedes Tainot (Julia Roberts) and economics, taught by dr Ed Matsutani (George Takei).
While he initially struggles in speech class, he does very well in economics.
Mercedes drinks at home after school because she is unhappily married to Dean (Bryan Cranston), a former professor turned writer turned blogger.
In reality, Dean spends his days looking at internet porn.
Larry's economics classmate Talia (Gugu Mbatha-Raw) invites him to join a club of scooter riders led by her boyfriend Dell Gordo (Wilmer Valderrama).
She also updates Larry's home decor, hair style, and wardrobe.
Larry's friend Frank (Ian Gomez), who runs the diner, offers him a job to help make ends meet, as Larry had been a Navy cook.
After a night with Dean goes horribly wrong, Mercedes is left alone at a bus stop, where Larry and his scooter gang notice her.
Larry offers her a ride home, which Mercedes reluctantly accepts.
On their way home they witness Dean getting arrested for drunk driving.
At her front door, Mercedes offers Larry to kiss her and they hug (Mercedes thinks that they are kissing).
She wants to have sex as well, but Larry declines, not wanting to take advantage of her inebriated state.
When Dean arrives home the following morning he finds all of his possessions on the front lawn.
Realizing there is no way he will not lose his house, Larry uses the knowledge he gained in his Economics class to begin a strategic foreclosure.
Mercedes, meanwhile, warns Larry not to disclose the events of the previous night, and remains under the false impression that he is romantically involved with the much-younger Talia.
It disappoints Larry, who had been excited about Mercedes' interest in him.
He goes back to concentrating on his studies and his new job instead.
Mercedes runs into Talia, who is telling Frances, her English teacher (Pam Grier), that she will be dropping out of college to start a thrift store.
Mercedes finds out that Talia and Larry are just friends.
Later, Frances comes over to Mercedes' apartment to provide emotional support due to her divorcing Dean.
Finals now come, and Larry is scheduled last.
His speech is about his travels around the world while in the Navy.
Larry is given a big round of applause by his classmates and an A-plus grade from Mercedes, who is now happier in her life, and has rediscovered her passion for teaching.
A short while later, Mercedes and Frances show up at Larry's diner.
She lets him know that he was an excellent student, to which he replies that she was an excellent teacher.
When the next term begins, some of the students from Mercedes' speech course register for her Shakespeare class, but Larry is not with them.
He is seen taking dr Matsutani's second-term Economics class.
Mercedes walks to her office and sees a note from Larry on the door, which is an invitation for dinner, with the address to his new apartment.
She drives there and they kiss.
Blonde Trouble picks up from the previous installment of the Andy Hardy saga with Andy on a train to begin his college career at Wainwright College.
While on the train, he meets Kay Wilson (Bonita Granville), and learns that Wainright College has just become a coeducational institution.
The Dean of Wainwright College (and soon to be Andy's faculty advisor), dr Standish (Herbert Marshall) is also on the train.
dr Standish's identity is not revealed to Andy until later.
Problems begin almost immediately for Andy as he learns his father forgot to give him his train ticket.
Lyn and Lee Walker (Wilde Twins) are also on the train in a private cabin.
They are on their way to Wainright College as well, but their father thinks Lee is on her way to spend some time with her aunt in Vermont.
The twins can't handle the idea of being separated, so they travel together to Wainright College in hopes of passing themselves off as one girl.
On the train, and later at Wainwright, the girls pull the switcheroo on Andy, leaving him completely confused with this mysterious blonde's ever changing behavior.
After discovering that they have run out of money, the twins coax Andy into giving them a total of $3795 cash before he realizes that he has been fooled.
After classes at Wainwright College begin, Andy's troubles continue to build, causing him to consider quitting college.
Before this happens, though, he manages to help the twins out of their trouble.
Emma (Rachel Bilson) and Will (Tom Sturridge) were childhood best friends; they lost touch a long time ago—as far as she knows.
She is back in their hometown, because her father is terminally ill.
She has a strained relationship with her mother.
Will is a vagabond street performer (juggler).
As a man and woman driving across country give hitchhiking Will a ride back home, Will tells them the story of how he fell in love with Emma and how she was with him when his parents died in a train accident when he was ten years old.
Upon arrival he visits his brother Jim, a banker, who believes Will has mental problems because of the death of their parents and Will's obsession with Emma.
Will then stays with his childhood friend Joe, telling him he is going to announce his love for Emma to her tomorrow.
Emma's boyfriend Aaron follows her home because he wants to reconcile, staying at a local hotel.
Will finally speaks to Emma, and they spend the day together, reminiscing on times passed.
She admits, to Will, her unfaithfulness to her boyfriend, who wants to marry her.
Will then discloses he has been following her everywhere for years, but does not get the chance to explain his love for her, as she is distressed at his stalking behavior.
She asks him to promise that he will stop following her.
Will agrees to, heartbroken, and leaves town.
It is revealed that Emma's boyfriend accidentally killed the man with whom Emma was having an affair, and she is not aware of this.
When her boyfriend finds out that Will has been following Emma, he calls the Los Angeles police and claims it was Will who committed the killing.
Will decides to hitchhike away from his hometown.
On his way he is arrested by the highway patrol and taken to jail.
Jim bails him and takes him to the airport.
Will runs away to San Francisco, leaving behind money to make up for the bail his brother paid.
Emma is shaken with the news of her lover's death, and Will's implication, but then gets a letter from Will proving he wasn't in Los Angeles when the man was killed, referring her to the couple that had earlier given him the ride home.
She calls them, then realizes what had really occurred and gets her boyfriend arrested.
Emma's father dies.
Emma goes to Joe and asks him to tell Will that she is sorry for what she had said to him and what had happened.
Some time after Emma's father's funeral she receives a love letter, via Jim, from Will.
It tells her how he believed he would always be with her, forever, and how much he loves her.
She leaves for San Francisco to look for him, finding him performing on Fisherman's Wharf.
He asks her, "Are you following me.
", and they hug and laugh together.
Gary Coleman stars as a homeless shoeshine boy named Lester who is living in a locker at Union Station, Chicago.
Already a beloved figure among the staff at the station who look after him, and suffering attempts to move him to an orphanage, he finds great popularity after it is revealed that he has an amazing talent for picking winning horses at the racetrack.
The marriage of Les and Katie Bingham is in big trouble.
They've already split up once, and now they're giving it one more try, but the bedroom of their New York apartment is not a happy place.
Les finds her too cold.
Katie finds him too fast.
The Binghams weigh the opinions of lawyer Lou, who also has a romantic interest in Katie.
There's also temptation for Les in the form of sexy neighbor Jackie, who gives him a copy of "The Joy of Sex" as a gift.
But as soon as he tries out one of the positions in it, Les throws out his back.
The couple takes one last desperate try to revive their passion and save their relationship.
They travel to California to join a sex-therapy group, where much goes wrong, but all ends well.
Lester Watts (Chris Pratt) works at a liquor store, happily selling alcohol to minors while spending his spare money on his porno collection.
His best friend since third grade, Carl (Brendan Hines) works a corporate job at his British fiancee's family's company.
He wants to leave the job and work somewhere else, but she angrily tells him he has no choice and that he must stay; it is clear that she is completely in control of the relationship.
That night, the two friends have a beer when a delivery comes in the form of a vintage porn viewer machine which plays the films of Diamond Jim (Christopher McDonald).
They step inside and it transports them to a land where everyone acts like they are in a pornographic film.
The police arrest them, led by Rod Cannon (Scott Caan) but they escape and are hidden from the police by Bambi Cummings (Rachel Specter) at her sorority house, Tri-Pi.
They elude the police while Bambi and Carl fall in love with each other.
Eventually, they go to Diamond Jim's pool party where Carl decides to get transported home and Lester decides to stay.
It is revealed that Lester is Diamond Jim's son.
Back home, Carl breaks up with his overbearing girlfriend and Bambi is transported to him, reuniting them.
Meanwhile, Lester takes over his father's porno empire.
Lara Tyler (Alice Eve) is one of the most famous film stars around, but all she wants to do is marry her fiancé, writer James Arber (David Tennant).
After a supposedly secret traditional church wedding is interrupted by paparazzi Marco Ballani (Federico Castelluccio), hiding in a cabinet at the altar, with Lara chasing him away, she and James become desperate to find someplace unknown and wed in peaceful bliss.
Besieged by the press, especially Ballani, who is obsessed with Lara, they escape to the tiny Scottish island of Hegg.
Ballani somehow manages to get to the island, and then local girl Katie's (Kelly Macdonald) mother alerts the press (for money).
Lara discovers all this, becomes upset and hides away.
In desperation her management team, led by Steve Korbitz (Michael Urie), decide to stage a fake wedding, hoping the paparazzi will fall for the scam and leave the island.
Katie, nursing a broken heart because of her latest break-up, is recruited to pretend to be a heavily-veiled Lara to complete the charade.
Subsequent circumstances lead to Katie and James falling in love.
Claire (Ribisi) resents the fact that she has never been in love.
She soon falls for somebody but is left heartbroken and disturbed, largely thanks to her emotionally unstable friends.
Appointed to be a federal judge, Marsha Meredith (Rosalind Russell) is questioned by aS.
Senate committee, specifically about her divorce from lawyer Peter Webb (Robert Cummings).
She returns home to Palm Beach, Florida, where soon Peter shows up to depose showgirl Ginger Simmons (Marie McDonald) for his defense of gangster George Ellerby (Douglass Dumbrille).
In a fit of jealousy at spotting her ex-husband with another woman, Marsha picks up Alexander Darvac (Gig Young) in a bar and accompanies him to a gambling spot, which is raided.
Peter helps her escape notoriety.
They steal a boat and hide out in a lighthouse, where they rekindle their romance.
They remarry, but her grandfather, Judge Meredith (Harry Davenport), persuades them not to publicize that fact until the Senate confirms her appointment.
Ellerby jumps bail.
Ginger tries to take Peter to him and they are seen again by Marsha, who is furious.
She invents a story to reporters, who have heard rumors about Marsha's new marriage.
She claims she wed a man named Roogle (Clem Bevans) who died on their wedding night.
Marsha goes to her friend Kitty's cabin in the mountains to get away from the limelight.
Peter, to get even, announces that Roogle is alive and on his way.
Marsha ends up asking Darvac to pretend to be Roogle, but has to knock out Darvac when he tries to claim his privileges as her "husband".
In the end, after the confusion is sorted out, Marsha decides that if she has to choose, being married to Peter would make her happier than her career.
She comes home and finds Ginger and Darvac knocked out in the closet.
Fifteen-year-old Lucas moves from Stockholm, Sweden, to a small town in Norway.
He falls in love with Susanne, the goalkeeper of the local girl's football team.
To win her love, he joins the boys' football team to participate in the Norway Cup, a large tournament held in Oslo.
However, Lucas realizes things will be more difficult than he initially thought, because Susanne already has a boyfriend.
At the same time, he has to fight for a position on the first team.
After the funeral of Marc and Kyle (who had been giving one another oral sex in the car until Celine Dion's tour bus collided with theirs while going the wrong way), Kyle's mom Helen (Mink Stole) takes in her nephew, geeky but cute Casey (Daniel Skelton), and gives his number to Tiffani von der Sloot (Rebekah Kochan), Kyle's infamous slutty fag hag friend, who hires him at her salon "Nail Me".
They venture to the local LGBT center so Casey can volunteer for an upcoming event, and Casey meets Zack (Chris Salvatore), a gorgeous frequent visitor.
So Tiffani and Casey set up a phony online profile using the image of Tiffani's buff ex, Ryan.
which works fine until the real Ryan (MichaelR.
Walker) shows up.
Ryan pretends to be gay to piss Tiffani off, so he accepts Zack's date, but later bails.
Zack finds Casey to talk to, but then finds out that Casey and Ryan had both lied to him.
Ryan and Tiffani both wanted to help get Casey and Zack together, so they shut the door and lock them in a room together to talk through it.
But the problem wasn't getting solved, so Ryan, although he is straight, decides to strip and get into a threesome to get Casey and Zack together.
Only through some fancy footwork, advice from Aunt Helen and mentor Harry, and a daring sexual escapade can Casey figure out how to set things right and perhaps even find the love he's been seeking.
Thirteen years after the timeline and finale of the original series, Timmy Turner (Drake Bell) has grown into a twenty-three-year-old man-child by maintaining a lifestyle considered extremely immature for his age.
He has done so to keep his fairy godparents.
Timmy's refusal to mature greatly irritates his parents (who desperately encourage him to move out) and Jorgen von Strangle (Mark Gibbon), who is constantly scheming to entice Timmy into giving up his fairies.
One day, Timmy reunites with a girl from his childhood named Tootie (Daniella Monet), who had an obsessive crush on him for years.
She has grown into a beautiful activist and Timmy falls for her instantly.
His fairy godparents, Cosmo and Wanda, scheme to repel Tootie, afraid that he is finally growing up and may no longer need them.
Timmy is torn between his love for Tootie and his desire to keep his fairy godparents.
Meanwhile, Timmy's schoolteacher, Denzel Crocker, teams up with an oil tycoon by the name of Hugh Magnate in order to kidnap Timmy's fairies and use their magic for their own purposes.
Magnate deceives and kidnaps Tootie while Crocker captures Cosmo, Wanda and Poof, imprisoning them in a device programmed to use their magic to grant anybody's wishes.
However, Magnate betrays Crocker, pushing him in a bottomless ballpit, and tortures the fairies by adjusting the wish-granting machine to electrocute them each time a wish is made.
Fortunately, Timmy comes to the rescue of both the fairies and Tootie and battles with both his enemy and a toy robot that Magnate brought to life with the fairies' magic.
Timmy successfully frees everyone, but is forced to give up his fairy godparents, who vanish the moment he kisses Tootie.
Although Timmy is saddened deeply by the departure of Cosmo, Wanda, and Poof, he is happy to be free to finally pursue more mature behaviors, as he had longed to do.
However, he learns from Jorgen von Strangle that because of his courage, a new law was passed in Fairy World that will now permit him to keep his fairy godparents forever, as long as he makes unselfish wishes.
Because of this, Tootie and Timmy plan to start a charity organization in which they will make wishes that will mend all of the world's problems or travesties, flying away in a magical van.
Magnate was sent to a mental hospital after claiming that fairies exist, and his secretary became CEO of the company turning it to environmental friendly enterprise.
The film ends with Crocker finally falling out of the ball pit, landing in front of the Turners' house, and walking away.
Paul Chadwick (Hudson) is a wealthy American oilman who is in a Parisian court, where he is up against the opposing lawyer Michel Boullard (Charles Boyer).
Paul wins the case, but only by seducing the judge, who happens to be a woman.
Shortly after, Boullard sets out to New York, where he plans on reuniting with his daughter Lauren (Caron), whom he has not seen for over 25 years, since his American wife divorced him for flirting with another woman.
On the plane, he meets Paul, to whom he complains about having lost because of his charm, a French quality.
Paul apologizes for having hurt his French pride and offers a favor in return.
In New York, Boullard is shocked to find out that Lauren has become an intimidating career woman, working as a psychologist.
Despite her engagement to Arnold Plum, a pushover who lives to serve his fiancée, Boullard is convinced that she an old spinster at just 30 years old.
Instead of revealing his identity, he decides to help her from a distance.
He contacts Paul to have an affair with her, to open up her mind to passion, rather than her career.
Paul would be the perfect man for the deed: he is the ultimate womanizer.
One woman comes in each day to cook for him, the other is happy to wash his clothes.
Initially, Paul is reluctant to help out Boullard, suspecting that Lauren is less than attractive, but because he notices that Boullard is suspicious of why he really won the case, he decides to help him out.
To grow closer to her, he poses as her patient, telling her that he is irresistible to women and that he is too afraid to turn down a woman, because it led to suicide in the past.
The relationship between the two is at first strictly professional, until one night they go out to a restaurant, an event with which Lauren tries to prove that he can enjoy a night out without worrying about women flirting with him.
Before the night is over, Lauren passes out from drinking too much champagne, and Paul brings her brack to her hotel and creates a scene, which makes it looks as if they have slept each other.
The next morning, Lauren is freaked out, but she later finds out that the setting was staged.
At that moment, Boullard reveals his identity to her, and together they come up with a plan to get back at Paul.
She comes up with a Spanish lover and tells all about him to Paul, which shatters his ego.
He goes out on a drinking spree and uses the help of a switchboard operator (Nita Talbot) — who falls in love with a chauffeur (Larry Storch) in the process — to make Lauren jealous.
They succeed, and Paul and Lauren are finally brought together.
In the end, they are married, and the parents of several children.
Elizabeth Halsey is an immoral, gold-digging Chicago-area middle school English teacher who curses at her students, drinks alcohol heavily, smokes marijuana, and shows movies while sleeping through class.
She plans to quit teaching and marry her wealthy fiancé, Mark, but when he dumps her after learning she is only after his money, Elizabeth must resume her job.
She tries to win over substitute teacher Scott Delacorte, who is also wealthy because his family runs a watch company.
Amy Squirrel, a dedicated but overly enthusiastic colleague, also pursues Scott while the school's gym teacher, Russell Gettis, makes it clear that he is interested in Elizabeth romantically; she, however, is not interested in him because he's just a gym teacher.
Early in the film, Elizabeth plans to get surgery to enlarge her breasts, and becomes all the more motivated to do so once she learns Scott's ex-girlfriend had large breasts.
However, when she tries to schedule an appointment for her breast surgery, she cannot afford the $9,300 procedure.
To make things worse, Scott admits that he has a crush on Amy, and that he only likes Elizabeth as a friend.
Elizabeth attempts to raise money for the surgery by participating in her 7th grade class car wash in provocative clothing and by manipulating parents to give her money for more school supplies and tutoring, but her efforts are not enough.
Amy, acting on the growing resentment between them due to Elizabeth pursuing Scott and ignoring school rules, attempts to warn the principal about Elizabeth's embezzlement scheme, but he dismisses her claims as groundless.
Elizabeth later learns from her best friend, Lynn Davies, that the teacher of the class with the highest state test scores will receive a $5,700 bonus.
With this knowledge, Elizabeth decides to change her style of teaching, forcing the class to intensely read and study To Kill A Mockingbird for the upcoming test.
However, the change is too late and insufficient.
The students have terrible scores on their quizzes, frustrating her even more.
Meanwhile, she befriends Russell the gym teacher as Amy and Scott start dating.
Desperate to pay off the procedure for her breast surgery, Elizabeth steals the state test answers by disguising herself as a journalist and seducing Carl Halabi, a state official who is in charge of creating and distributing the exams.
Elizabeth gets Carl drunk and convinces him to take her to his office to have sex, but she spikes his drink and steals a copy of the answers.
A month later, Elizabeth's class aces the test and she wins the bonus, giving her the funds needed to get her breasts enlarged.
When Elizabeth learns that Amy and Scott are chaperoning an upcoming field trip, she smears an apple with poison ivy and leaves it for Amy, who ends up with her face breaking out in blisters, so she cannot go.
On the trip, Elizabeth seduces Scott.
They dry hump and Elizabeth secretly calls Amy using Scott's phone leaving a message recording all the action, ensuring she knows about the affair.
However, Scott's peculiar behavior, which was subtly exposed by Russell, disappoints Elizabeth.
Elizabeth later gives advice to one of her students who has an unrequited crush on the superficial Chase in class, which causes her to reflect on how she has been superficial as well.
On a field trip the boy makes an embarrassing public confession of his love and is ridiculed by his classmates.
Elizabeth takes him aside, gives him her bra, and tells everyone she caught him having sex with a student from another school, which erases his image as a loser.
Left behind at the school, Amy switches Elizabeth's desk with her own to trick the janitor into unlocking Elizabeth's sealed drawer.
Amy finds Elizabeth's journalist disguise and the practice test, which leads her to suspect Elizabeth cheated on the state exam.
Amy informs the principal and gets Carl to testify against her.
However, Elizabeth took embarrassing photos of Carl while he was drugged and, with the help of her roommate, Kirk, uses them to blackmail him to say she is innocent.
Having failed to nail Elizabeth for cheating, Amy accuses her of drug use, based on a tip from a student.
When the police arrive and bring their sniffer dog to search the school, they find Elizabeth's mini liquor bottles, marijuana and OxyContin pills in Amy's classroom, in a secret compartment in Elizabeth's desk which Elizabeth helpfully points out to the police.
At the end of the school year, Amy is moved to the worst school in the county by the superintendent.
Scott asks Elizabeth to start over, indicating that he now has a crush on her, but Elizabeth rejects him in favor of a relationship with Russell, who she has learned she has a lot in common with.
When the new school year starts, Elizabeth has not gotten the breast enlargement after all, because she feels that she looks fine the way she is.
She also has a new position as the school's guidance counselor.
Johnny Rizzo, a young man who dreams of working in radio, is engaged to Claire.
When Claire demands that he pursue a more realistic goal than following his dreams, Johnny's uncle Terry attempts to tempt him away from the relationship with a decadent party.
Johnny resists his uncle's hedonistic lifestyle but meets a free-spirited woman named Brooke, whom he quickly befriends.
Alarmed by the direction Johnny's life is taking, Brooke encourages him to pursue his dreams and avoid selling out.
When a misunderstanding causes Claire to incorrectly believe that Johnny has been cheating on her with Brooke, Johnny and Claire break up.
Now free to pursue a romance, Johnny and Brooke begin dating.
Factory girl Joan Dodd (Medina) and Jack Fowler (Hanley) are in love and expect to marry in due course.
When Jack is called up for war service however, Joan's socially-ambitious mother (Ellen Pollock) seizes the chance to meddle in her daughter's life by encouraging the attentions of Joan's older boss Adolphus Pickering (Claud Allister), who is infatuated with her.
Pickering proposes marriage, and under pressure from her mother, Joan accepts.
The preparations for the marriage are under way when Jack returns unexpectedly on leave from the army.
He is appalled to find Joan in her wedding finery, and persuades her to run away with him.
The pair decide to visit Joan's aunt and uncle in another area, and make their way there by train, while Joan's parents are horrified by her disappearance with Jack and fears the worst.
When Joan arrives in her bridal gown, her aunt and uncle assume that she and Jack are just married, and prepare a bridal chamber for the couple, much to their embarrassment.
Comic misunderstandings ensue all round until Joan finally demands the right to marry the man of her choice.
Film studio "Ultimate Pictures" plans on producing an animal picture in Africa.
The studio gets the help of animal specialist mrs Johnson Martini.
There's just one problem: she's afraid of animals.
Martini and the studio soon learn of Wilbur and Alexander, a couple of down on their luck vaudevillians with a trained lion act.
The duo agree to join Martini on an expedition to Africa.
While there, the trio finds themselves captured by a tribe of violent Amazons.
The film follows a non-linear convoluted journey through (4) different settings: One which represents today; one which represents protagonist Wes' dreamworld; and the remaining two representing the good times shared with Alison who is Wes' dearest and closest platonic friend.
The movie has been made the same way as the memoirs it is trying to portray.
Non-existence of time is one aspect of the protagonist that is loved by his friend.
The film captures this time anomaly in their relationship with scenes of past memories in a non-linear sequence.
It gives you a sense of the loneliness and lack of deep connection Alison is going through while trying to maintain her relationship with her beau in Tokyo, all while making you aware that Wes is only carrying on with his life by holding onto the best memories between them.
(This is depicted in the opening scene when Alison is watching the shining window drapes which represent the same kind of drapes at a hotel where she stayed with Wes during a road trip through the Utah deserts).
When looking back at the movie in linear fashion, it starts with an unexpected phone call from Alison to Wes on a winter evening.
Alison is about to leave LA to join her beau in Tokyo.
She resisted calling him during her stay in LA but on the last night she finally gave in.
They mutually agreed to stay at Wes' apartment overnight not only to catch-up on each other's lives, but to also re-establish the deep, meaningful bond they had with each other years ago.
The film depicts frequent incidents from their past as they spend the night talking, painting fingernails, visiting the local store to purchase watermelon and finally sharing the bed in a non-sexual way.
Scenes from the past show that Alison and Wes met two summers prior while Alison's current boyfriend Kai was away at a super-computing related conference.
Wes and Alison immediately had a great connection that developed further as they shared various joys and laughter of their lives.
They even ended up visiting a bar to enjoy a night of dancing.
There are also scenes from the previous summer when they both took a road trip across the Utah desert and share a great time depicted in a quiet serene backdrop with no signs of mundane life and worries.
With each truly enjoying the others company, they stay in a hotel in separate beds where Alison finally confesses to Wes that she is very happy and wants things to stay as they are so they do not lose what has developed.
Understanding Wes's dilemma too, she apologizes for being unable to offer anything more than friendship due to her relationship with Kai.
During this time she makes a call to Kai and re-confirms their committed love.
Despite Wes and Alison understanding each other's position, they eventually end up kissing while getting more drunk and casual towards end of a game of strip poker.
Before things go too far, Alison realizes her mistake and begins to fill with guilt.
Wes feels awkward at the situation too.
The next morning, despite Wes' insistence that they drive back together as planned, Alison tells Wes that she wants to go back alone.
Interspersed between these scenes of past memories are monochromatic dream sequences featuring an ethereal, third character that appears to be Wes' guardian angel or physician.
The conversations between Wes and his guardian angel further help Wes to understand himself, and to realize the deeper meanings of life and the cosmic connections between eternity with Alison.
(There is one Christmas party scene shown in the movie that does not fit any of the above timelines or dream sequences)  Finally with the recollection of good memories and an old platonic bond now re-established between Wes and Alison, it is the current day morning in Los Angeles.
Alison wakes up only to find that it has started snowing in LA and flights are delayed.
Now, Alison and Wes both get more time to share together.
Lady Christabel Beauclerk (Margaret Rutherford), an English aristocrat, has become a fanatical bird fancier.
She is a delegate of the British Empire at the League of Nations in Geneva, where she is engaged in a crusade to secure territorial rights for her beloved British birds in both Great Britain and abroad.
While she is occupied with this somewhat odd mission, her niece, Joan Heseltine (Penelope Dudley-Ward), has become more and more affectionate towards the family butler, Tom Gilbey (Michael Wilding), who accompanies the delegation to Geneva, to the point of falling head over heels in love with him.
When World War Two breaks out, Lady Christabel has to give up her quest for the birds' rights and instead focus on the war at home.
The butler, who was previously indifferent to Joan's affections for him, now finds himself falling in love with her.
Lady Christabel has her hands full sorting out this unwanted love affair, when the affections of the young woman are no longer unrequited.
Joan Heseltine, once a proud woman teaching English to a big class of men, becomes, as a result of her love for the butler's son - who during war becomes a Major in the British Army - a timid and submissive woman working in the army as a typist for him.
As if the war not only changed the order of social classes but also reversed the order of sexes in a very rude way, he shows all the power of his major job.
On New Year's Eve, a big party is held in the house of Lady Christabel Beauclerk, where Joan and Tom meet up once again: he apologises for his former rudeness, she tells him he's out of reach, and the film ends with them kissing.
Divorce barrister Logan (Kendall) arrives back in London from a trip overseas to find the whole city fogbound.
Unable to reach his flat, he books into the exclusive Royal Parks Hotel, where a costume ball is taking place.
Many of the partygoers are also stranded by the fog and while some are happy to bed down for the night in the hotel lounge, Leslie (Barnes) sweet-talks Logan into letting her stay in his suite.
Although the pair are attracted to each other, the night passes innocently with Leslie in the bedroom and Logan in the sitting-room.
As he leaves the suite for work the next morning, Logan barrels into a lady's maid in the corridor outside the room.
On arriving at Chambers, Logan is asked to act as counsel for Lord Rockburn, who is seeking a divorce from his wife.
Logan accepts the brief, but then discovers to his horror that Lady Rockburn was a guest at the Royal Parks Hotel ball the previous night, and a cornerstone of the case is alleged impropriety after a maid observed a man leaving her room that morning.
Convinced that Lady Rockburn can only be Leslie, Logan tries to back out from the case, until Lord Rockburn produces his chief witness the maid, who shows no sign of recognising Logan after their brief encounter in the hotel corridor.
When Leslie calls to return a dressing gown Logan lent her, he invites her to dine with him that evening, still believing her to be Lady Rockburn and intending to inform her of the situation.
At the restaurant he lays his cards on the table and Leslie reassures him that she reciprocates his feelings.
The romantic evening comes to an abrupt end when Lord Rockburn shows up at the same restaurant accompanied by another woman, and Logan and Leslie are forced to make an unobtrusive early exit to avoid a potentially scandalous public scene.
They go back to Logan's flat, where he assures Leslie that he has fallen in love with her and will if necessary sacrifice his legal career for her.
Meanwhile, Lord Rockburn is informed that a private detective he has on the case has uncovered the identity of his wife's lover.
He decides to visit Logan immediately to tell him the good news, and is baffled by Logan's horrified reaction when he opens the door.
Logan admits him to the flat where Leslie is sitting, throwing himself on Lord Rockburn's mercy by confessing that he loves her and is prepared to face the consequences.
To his astonishment, the bewildered Lord Rockburn informs him that he has never seen Leslie before in his life.
Leslie then confesses that she has gone along with Logan's incorrect assumption as a means of seeing how much he would be prepared to give up for her.
She tells him that she is in fact a widow, and that he has passed the test with flying colours.
Working-class girl Molly (Poulton) finds a necklace and hands it in to the police.
It turns out that the necklace is an extremely valuable piece belonging to Lady Devenish (Grace Lane), who is impressed by Molly's honesty and invites her to her home to present her with a substantial cash reward.
Molly informs Lady Devenish that she has always longed to own her own taxi and plans to use the money to start up in the business.
Unknown to Molly, the conversation has been watched and heard by Lady Devenish's son Jack (Stuart), who finds Molly extremely attractive.
Posing as a chauffeur, he applies to be the driver of Molly's first taxi.
She agrees to employ him and the pair gradually become romantically involved.
Jack finally confesses his real identity, and the couple make plans to marry.
Over the course of their marriage, Geoffrey Lymes (Walls) has become increasingly exasperated by the shallowness and superficiality of his wife Anne (Nesbitt).
He despairs of her ridiculous affectations, social-climbing aspirations and constant embarrassing attempts in company to show herself as an elegant, cultured sophisticate.
He feels trapped in a relationship where, as he observes, a wife "does nothing to entitle her husband to divorce her, but a thousand things that entitle him to murder her".
Geoffrey's old college friend Ernest Melton (Stewart) and his French wife Elma (Arnaud) arrive at the Lymes' country home for a weekend visit.
Ernest is an archetypal upper-class twit, wealthy but not overly bright, and completely cowed and dominated by the self-assured and outspoken Elma.
He too finds married life less than satisfactory.
Anne immediately goes into full desperate-to-impress mode and, to Geoffrey's amusement, Ernest seems completely charmed and captivated by her ludicrous airs and pretentions, while Anne is thrilled to have found an appreciative audience.
Geoffrey meanwhile is strongly attracted to the feisty Elma, and his interest is apparently reciprocated.
As the pair discuss their respective spouses with withering scorn, they realise that all four are married to the wrong person.
They hatch a plan to throw Anne and Ernest together as much as possible in the hope that they will compromise themselves.
Matters reach a head when it appears that Ernest and Anne are about to run away together.
Geoffrey sees this as the perfect opportunity to achieve his aims without any blame attaching to himself or Elma.
He confronts Ernest in feigned outrage, expressing his shock and disgust at his friend's conduct, while slyly stressing that if Ernest and Anne wish to be together, he can do nothing to prevent it and will give Anne a divorce.
To Geoffrey's astonishment, the confused Ernest says that while he finds Anne pleasant and amusing, he does not love her and there has never been any question of the two eloping.
The tables are turned, as Geoffrey is forced to admit to Ernest that he and Elma are in love.
Broadway star Patricia Wallace (Evelyn Venable) quits her Broadway show to run off with wealthy Fred Arnold (Ralph Forbes).
Her director Jimmy Hart (Victor Jory) follows them aboard the super-speed train the "Streamline Express".
Meanwhile, also aboard is John Bradley (Clay Clement) and his mistress Elaine Vincent (Esther Ralston), but Bradley's wife Mary (Erin O'Brien (actress)) ends up on the train as well.
When Elaine gives her crooked pal Gilbert Landon (Sidney Blackmer) a diamond pendant given her by Bradley, in order to keep Landon quiet about her past, she pretends the pendant was stolen, in hopes of hiding the truth from Bradley.
But Landon manages to throw suspicion on Jimmy Hart, who is masquerading as a steward.
It takes several confessions by several people to resolve everyone's dilemmasl.
The film opens with Nora studying law and Mary shopping on Rodeo Drive.
They head to their home, Casa Bonita, for their father's birthday.
While the girls are dancing with their father, he collapses and dies.
At the funeral they meet Gabe Dominguez, an unknown half brother who resulted from an affair their father had years ago.
At the reading of their father's will, they discover that they are bankrupt.
Nora and Mary sell their house to Gabe, who lets them live with him and his wife, Olivia.
They meet Olivia's brother, Edward, when he visits for lunch.
During lunch, Olivia tells the sisters that she is moving them to the basement; refusing to be humiliated in their own home, Nora tells Mary they are moving out.
Before they leave, their maid gives Nora a box left by their father.
The two sisters go to EastA.
to live with their maternal aunt, Aurelia, where they are introduced to Bruno, their aunt's neighbor.
Nora opens the box and finds letters from her father to Gabe, which his mother returned unopened.
Nora quits law school so she can find a job to help support herself and Mary, and tells Mary to finish college.
Their aunt sells Mary's car and Prada purse ('from Prada to nada').
Edward arrives and gives Mary and Nora stuff from their old home, offering Nora a job in his law office - which she declines.
Nora responds to a job in the classifieds from a paper Edward gave her, and on the bus ride to work she meets a woman who has been fired from her job as a cleaning lady.
Nora arrives at her new job and learns that her boss is Edward.
They work together on the case for the cleaning ladies, winning a judgment when they discover that there has been a fraud with their payroll.
Mary returns to college, where she meets and flirts with rich instructor Rodrigo.
She gets a ride home from him, directing him to a stranger's Beverly Hills mansion rather than her aunt's house in EastA.
They later share a kiss over lunch.
After telling her aunt that she won't invite Rodrigo over because she is ashamed to live in EastA, Mary approaches Bruno outside his house.
She makes a deal with him that, if Bruno can make her aunt's backyard look good for a party dedicated to Mexican Independence Day, he can have a dance with Mary.
Mary invites Rodrigo to the party and admits to him upon arrival at her aunt's house that this is where she actually lives.
After watching how Mary dances with Rodrigo, Bruno declines Mary's offer of a dance to complete the decoration agreement.
Edward arrives at the party, and he and a drunk Nora kiss.
When Nora becomes afraid of her feelings and that it would destroy her career, she coldly informs Edward that she is "just another girl who answered an ad in the paper" to him and drives him away.
Outside, she and Bruno share a bottle of wine, sad over having to lose their chances with Mary and Edward.
When Nora receives a promotion and transfer away from Edward, she quits rather than have people believe she slept her way up.
When Nora asks Mary if she loves Rodrigo, Mary tells her that she just wants to go back to Beverly Hills and that Rodrigo can make that happen.
In an effort to prevent Mary from making a huge mistake, Nora tells her that motivation makes her a whore, and Mary retorts that she would rather be that than a spinster like Nora.
The sisters stop speaking to each other for a while.
Nora opens a free legal aid service from her aunt's home.
Unaware of Nora's feelings for Edward, Gabe insists that Olivia send the Dominguez sisters an invitation to Edward and Olivia's best friend Lucy's engagement party at Casa Bonita.
Nora is devastated that Edward is getting married, but Mary urges her to go to the party and be honest with Edward about her feelings, stating that if Edward announced an engagement so quickly "he is way more confused that you are".
She offers to go with Nora for moral support and the sisters reconcile.
At the party, Mary and Gabe go to their father's office, where Mary gives Gabe the letters from their father and he tearfully realises that their father wanted to be in his life.
Meanwhile, Nora tells Edward she doesn't count on personal relationships due to losing both her parents and that her rejection of Edward wasn't because she didn't love him.
Mary sees Rodrigo at the party with another woman who turns out to be his wife and learns that they are buying Casa Bonita.
Heartbroken, Mary leaves the party and has a traffic accident after running a red light.
Gabe visits his half-sisters at the hospital and reveals, without sadness, that he and the shrewish Olivia split up.
Mary returns home in a wheelchair sporting a neck brace.
The next day, when she goes over to Bruno's house, Mary discovers detailed designs for the wheelchair ramp he made for her, sees that he still has the broken car mirror he replaced for her, and other signs that Bruno genuinely cares for her.
Mary admits her feelings for him, and they kiss for the first time.
Edward arrives with moving truck full of new home and office furniture.
He reveals that he bought the house across from her aunt and presents Nora the front door key, attached to an engagement ring.
Family and friends are seen celebrating at Nora and Edward's street party wedding.
Shirley (Chandra Currelley), accompanied by Aunt Bam (Cassi Davis), visits dr Frank Wallace (Omarr Dixon).
dr Wallace tells Shirley that her cancer has returned and she might have 4–6 weeks left.
Later, Aunt Bam tells Shirley that she invited Madea to come over and help her when she tells her children the news.
The scene later switches to the house where Joyce (Cheryl Pepsii Riley) shows up and informs Shirley that she called everybody, later Aunt Bam complains about the fact that she still doesn't have a man.
Soon enough, Madea (Tyler Perry) arrives, ready to help Shirley.
When Tammy (Crissy Collins) shows up, Madea informs her that she's very angry with her and her husband Harold (Danny Clay): she gave them $275 to fix her car and it didn’t start.
Byron (Jefferey Lewis) and his girlfriend Rose (Chontelle Moore) arrive, and Aunt Bam tells Rose she wants her $20, which Rose borrowed about a year ago.
Rose says it's petty to ask for such a small amount of money back, then reveals that she dropped $900 on eyeshadow and shoes.
Madea convinces Aunt Bam to chase after Rose.
Kimberly (Támar Davis) arrives demanding to know why her sisters summoned her to the house, but they don't know themselves.
When Donnie (Zuri Craig) comes, he tries to kiss Aunt Bam and Madea, who warns him that she got H1N1 from his last kiss.
When Madea quizzes him, he says he's 17 and in the 6th grade, to which she responds that at least he's in school and his children will know he's right down the hall from their classrooms.
Harold arrives and Madea repeats what she told Tammy, and now that they're both here she tells them both that if her car isn't fixed when she's ready to leave, they'll have to run like hell.
Kimberly's husband Jason (Rico Ball) rushes in to announce that Uncle Monroe (Palmer Williams, Jr) has arrived; everyone hides their stuff because he's a crack cocaine-addicted kleptomaniac.
Uncle Monroe has barely stepped inside when he thinks he smells drugs in the kitchen, which makes him hurry.
Karen (Brandi Milton) stalks in demanding to see Byron, which sparks Rose's jealousy.
Karen threatens Byron that if he doesn't pay her some child support, 'the popo's gon' be knockin' at yo' do'.
', backed up by Aunt Bam.
Madea orders Karen to leave, they're having a family moment.
Byron, Karen (and her baby), and Rose leave, Kimberly demands to know why she was called, and Jason chides her for her attitude,which angers her more and she storms out.
When Harold points out how Kimberly's behavior is similar to Tammy's, Tammy tells him to shut up and he turns away in shame.
Uncle Monroe calls a Man Meeting in the kitchen.
He talks Harold into standing up for himself, but when Tammy comes in, he pretends the men are having a Bible study.
Madea notices Byron sagging and tells him to pull up his pants.
Shirley look upset and Donnie and Byron sing her a gospel song.
Meanwhile, Donnie finds out from Aunt Bam that Kimberly is his real mother: she had him when she was 12 years old after having been raped.
Madea leaves the house and tries to start her car, but guess what her car wouldn't start.
So she gets her gun and starts chasing after Harold and Tammy.
The next day, Shirley's cancer starts taking effect and she assures Joyce that she is all right and that she knows she's close to Heaven.
Joyce thanks her for giving her the life they both wanted by Shirley giving her Jesus (You Gave Me Jesus) since Aunt Bam spills that Shirley is sick.
That night, Joyce gets a new makeover for the date with Frank that Aunt Bam set up.
Then Frank tells her that her mother is in the hospital.
Then Shirley tells all her children that she wants them to do the right thing, although she will be gone forever.
Shirley dies, and her spirit goes up to Heaven ("Heaven Waits for Me") and this makes everyone sad (as they strongly cry for her loss) and scared of what will happen in their futures without her (calling out to the Lord).
When everyone comes home from the funeral, they gather in the living room.
Madea gives everyone advice on what they should do.
Karen stops by to express her condolences to Byron, but soon they began to argue.
Frustrated, Madea tells Karen to stop worrying about Byron and Rose, stop using her baby to make Byron's life miserable, and keep moving forward.
Rose tells Byron it's time to go, but Madea snatches Byron's shirt, re-seating him.
When Rose tells Madea she should let her "man" grow up and be a man, Madea uses Uncle Monroe's "Yah, trick.
"-choke-move on her.
She follows up by lecturing them that the elderly should be treated with respect and dignity, after all, they marched for their freedom.
She finally lets them leave and moves on to Harold and Tammy: Tammy shouldn't talk to Harold so harshly, but Harold needs to toughen up.
Then she talks to Joyce about how God works through people's prayers.
Lastly she tells Kimberly she has love and needs to show it more.
Kimberly goes upstairs with Jason and sincerely apologizes for all she's done.
Madea goes "off-script" to talk about things that are happening in "the world today".
Later, Madea gathers everyone and they all join in singing old songs.
Sabrina Watson (Paula Patton) is the only child of the wealthy Watson family; her mother Claudine  (Angela Bassett) and father Greg Watson (Brian Stokes Mitchell) live in Martha's Vineyard.
Sabrina starts the film having another affair with Bobby, a cheating stud.
She asks God to help her again get out of this situation and she promises (again) not to have another one-night stand with anyone and only have sex with her future husband.
One day, she accidentally hits Jason Taylor (Laz Alonso) when driving up quickly after putting on make-up and not seeing him run through.
She gets out to offer her services and overreacts.
Jason forgives her and takes up a night of dinner with her.
Five months later, after going out, Sabrina tells Jason about her job offer in China and asks him to still be with her in a long-distance relationship but Jason declines.
She walks off sad and soon hears a music group singing, and Jason comes back and asks her to marry him, which she accepts.
Sabrina's mother is running the wedding.
She has doubts, but trusts her daughter.
After the couple talk to Reverend James (TD.
Jakes), they decide to stay while a driver picks up Jason's family and friends.
Jason's group is his insecure mother Pam (Loretta Devine), his charming uncle Willie Earl (Mike Epps), Pam's best friend Shonda (Tasha Smith) and Jason's cousin Malcolm (DeRay Davis).
Also appearing is Sabrina's aunt Geneva (Valarie Pettiford).
Their first meeting is awkward as everyone seems to dislike each other and they make small rude remarks.
Pam becomes annoyed by Sabrina's acts of kindness and counts three strikes already against her.
Sabrina talks to her friends during the cocktail party, one of them being her maid of honor Blythe (Meagan Good).
While Blythe goes to get more wine, she meets Chef McKenna (Gary Dourdan), and both instantly feel a connection.
Shonda also meets Sabrina's cousin, Sebastian (Romeo Miller), who is instantly drawn to her.
Shonda is attracted to him as well but she feels uncomfortable because she thinks he's too young for her.
During the dinner at night, Pam gives a rude blessing and has a fight with Claudine but this is stopped by Greg.
Claudine also says in French that she thinks Greg is having an affair with his associate Amanda.
While outside, Pam listens in on Geneva and Claudine fighting and finds out that Geneva is actually Sabrina's mother and gave Sabrina to Claudine and Greg after she was born.
During the bachelor party, Sabrina and Jason have a fight about his mother wanting them to be jumping the broom.
Malcolm talks to Jason and complains and asks why he isn't the best man.
Jason tells him that they haven't been best friends in years and Malcolm has only been there to ask for money.
When Jason leaves and tries to apologize to Sabrina, Chef McKenna is busy kissing Blythe and not noticing the food which begins to burn which sets off the alarm.
Sabrina closes the door on him but they make up through text; however, they have doubts about their wedding.
In the morning, everything begins normally.
The boys have a friendly game of football, though Pam tries to tell Jason about Claudine and Geneva's secret.
Blythe also talks to McKenna about the relationship.
McKenna tells her that he thinks she is beautiful and a relationship is still an option.
Greg reveals to Claudine that he is not having an affair, but has made some bad investments and lost most of his money.
While Pam is getting fitted in her dress, she tries to confront Sabrina about the secret but is interrupted when Jason gets hurt when pushed by Malcolm.
Pam tells Sabrina to ask her parents who are her real parents.
Claudine and Geneva tell the truth which hurts Sabrina and causes her to drive off and cancel the wedding.
Jason confronts his mother and tells her he is a grown man and to stop treating him like a little boy.
Jason tells everyone to look for Sabrina and also punches Malcolm.
Jason prays to God to help him.
Geneva is called by Sabrina who is at the docks in a boat.
Geneva gives the story of Sabrina's father.
He was a man in Paris whom she loved and planned to travel the world with but she soon found out he had a wife and child and she returned home alone and pregnant.
Jason meets back with Sabrina and the two reconcile.
Sabrina goes back home to dress.
She gets a broom and a note from Pam saying she is returning home and is sorry.
She chases down Pam and asks her to stay.
They forgive each other and Pam agrees to stay.
Jason and Sabrina have the wedding and also jump the broom.
After the wedding, Sebastian kisses Shonda, finally winning her affections, and presumably begins a relationship.
Greg and Claudine reconcile and she reveals she has secret funds, and that they are still wealthy.
Malcolm and Amy (Julie Bowen), the wedding planner, start sharing a moment together in which she asks if he wants to dance with her and he accepts.
At the end, the whole family happily does the Cupid Shuffle.
Benjamin Mee (Matt Damon) is still grieving the loss of his wife and dealing with the expulsion of his 14-year-old son, Dylan (Colin Ford), from school, and decides to make a restart by buying a new house.
He tours many houses with his 7-year-old daughter, Rosie (Maggie Elizabeth Jones), and his realtor, mr Stevens (JB.
Smoove), but finds none he likes until his daughter finds a listing with what seems like the perfect house.
They drive to an old large house and Benjamin inspects the property, telling his realtor it is perfect.
When they hear a lion roar, Stevens explains that the house comes with a zoo in the back, which closed several years before; if they want the house, they must buy the zoo.
Although reluctant at first, Mee decides to buy the zoo when he sees Rosie happily playing with the peacocks.
Dylan, however, hates the idea of moving away from his friends and retreats into his artwork which has grown more macabre since the death of his mother.
Benjamin's brother, Duncan (Thomas Haden Church), tries to dissuade him from the purchase, but Benjamin buys it anyway.
The zoo staff, led by the 28-year-old head keeper, Kelly Foster (Scarlett Johansson), help to start renovating the zoo with the intent to reopen it to the public.
When Kelly confronts Benjamin about why he bought a zoo, knowing nothing about running one, Benjamin simply responds "Why not.
".
Dylan befriends Kelly's 13-year-old homeschooled cousin, Lily Miska (Elle Fanning), who develops a romantic interest that Dylan is oblivious to.
A strict USDA inspector, Walter Ferris (John Michael Higgins), arrives for a surprise inspection and makes a list of repairs that would cost around $100,000, which Benjamin does not have.
Rhonda Blair (Carla Gallo), the zoo's accountant, gossips that Benjamin will probably sell the zoo.
The workers' morale sinks, fearing the property will be sold to a buyer that will close it down.
When Lily tells Dylan that she heard his family might be leaving, he is overjoyed, which hurts her feelings.
Benjamin discovers that his wife bequeathed him an investment account, with instructions to use the money wisely while listening to his heart.
Duncan advises him to walk away and start over with the money, but Benjamin decides to use the money to repair the zoo.
While this lifts the zoo workers' morale, Dylan is unhappy about having to stay; he confronts his father, and a heated argument ensues.
They reconcile the next morning and Dylan admits he misses Lily.
Benjamin gives his son advice using his favorite principle, that you only need 20 seconds of courage to achieve great things.
Benjamin realizes that instead of trying to start over by forgetting his wife, he should accept that she will always be a part of him.
Prior to the grand opening of the zoo, the facility passes a very stringent inspection from Ferris, who grudgingly wishes them good luck.
Dylan, following his father's advice, confesses to Lily that he loves her and she forgives him.
The week prior to the opening, the worst rainstorm in 100 years is predicted to wash it out.
The weather clears in time, but in the morning they are disappointed when no visitors arrive.
They discover that a fallen tree has blocked the access road, with a large crowd of waiting visitors behind it.
The staff help them to climb over the tree.
There are so many people that they run out of tickets, forcing Benjamin and Kelly to look for more.
They end up face to face in a shed, where Kelly admits to Benjamin that she is romantically interested in him and since she "can't get a handle on it", she kisses him, telling him that maybe they can do it again on New Year's Eve; Benjamin kisses her back, and tells her that he is looking forward to it.
Benjamin takes his children to the restaurant where he met their mother, explaining that it was the point where their existence became a possibility.
He takes them through that day's encounter, where Benjamin worked up the nerve to talk to his future wife with "20 seconds of insane courage", and walks up to the table she was at.
He visualizes her (Stephanie Szostak) sitting there, and asks her why such an amazing woman would talk to someone like him.
She responds, "Why not.
".
During the final months of World War II, Marion Scott is hitchhiking towards the small town of Plainfield (a common American town name, although fictional in the context of this film).
He is offered a ride by a young woman who turns out to be Wilhelmina "Willie" Hammond, a member of a wealthy society family, running from an arranged marriage to another socially prominent type, stolid Alvin Bailey.
Acting on the reported theft of Bailey's car, the police stop the pair and, after identifying the stolen car, put the pair in jail.
Willie arranges their bail and takes Marion to the family mansion where, having left her keys, she tries to crawl through the window, causing the pair to be arrested again and the story to land in the headlines of the local papers.
Willie initially thinks that Marion is an Army deserter, but after he explains his discharge for medical reasons, she gives him a job as the family chauffeur, even though Wiggins, the eccentric old caretaker of the estate, has misgivings.
Learning of the "scandal", Willie's widowed mother, mrs Hammond, "old maid" Aunt Harriet, younger sister Patricia as well as family dressmaker Camille, all return from New York, along with Alvin Bailey and Alvin's physical trainer and sidekick, the big "dumb" Champ.
After a series of family arguments and complications, Alvin willingly gives up Willie so she can marry Marion, who modestly did not disclose that he was a national hero as a result of wartime valor, that he was hitchhiking simply to maintain anonymity, and was now being welcomed by the mayor and the governor, and honored with a parade by Plainfield, the birthplace of his killed-in-battle wartime best friend, which will now become his adopted hometown.
When Glen Apollo (John Lloyd Cruz) finds himself surrounded by friends who are beginning to settle down, he is faced with the possibility of finding his true love.
It all boils down to one name: Irene.
It must be fate then, when he once again sees Irene (Toni Gonzaga), his ex-girlfriend from 3 years ago with whom he had the best memories with.
Apollo and Irene were a perfect couple, and were engaged to be married.
It all ended at the altar when Apollo had a bout of cold feet and left Irene alone in the aisle.
Now, Irene has no recollection of Apollo, having acquired “amnesia” shortly after their separation.
Apollo sees this as the perfect opportunity to pursue Irene again, and be able to undo all the mistakes he made in the past, by offering Irene the best memories she could ever have.
True love is difficult to resist, they learn.
Just when they find themselves ready to commit to each other, the pains from the past catch up with them, challenging them to finally own up to the mistakes made and lies said, and eventually realize what it is to forgive and forget.
Susan Manning Middlecott is dean of a New England school called Benton College and it is her whole life, apart from living with dad Mark and raising an adopted daughter, Louisa.
An astronomy professor she has never met, Alec Stevenson, mentions to a lecture-tour publicist named Teddy Evans that he has a locket belonging to Susan that he wants to deliver to her.
For publicity's sake, Teddy invents a story that Alec and Susan are involved in a romance.
Susan is miffed and boards a train to Boston to confront him.
She is unaware that Alec has been to her campus and is now on the same train.
A photographer snaps their picture getting off the train.
Susan is livid, hits Alec with her purse and Teddy makes sure their spat makes the newspapers.
Susan believes that Alec is a publicity seeker, rejecting his attempts to explain.
Susan's dad takes a shine to Alec and wants to encourage her to find time for a love life.
To get away, Susan takes her daughter to the family's cabin, but Mark also invites Alec there.
The locket was given to Alec by a concentration camp prisoner named Benoit during the war.
Alec tells her how he merely was attempting to bring it to her at the soldier's request.
He and Susan attend a college dance, but another misunderstanding prompts her to leave with a student, who promptly gets Susan in trouble by drag-racing with another car.
Teddy plants a story that Alec is the real father of Susan's little girl.
Susan's job is now in jeopardy from the continuing bad publicity.
Alec tries to cover for her, claiming he and Susan are actually married, but a college colleague does likewise, complicating Susan's situation further.
She must decide what's important to her in the end, her professional life or her personal one.
Christabel "Christy" Sloane (Parker) is a legal secretary in San Francisco whose desire for finer things is hampered by her desperate financial straits, causing her to lament to her coworker Patsy (Una Merkel) that she needs to find a millionaire to marry.
Her boss orders Christy to go to Los Angeles to inform Peter Ulysses Lockwood (MacMurray) of an inheritance of 28,000,000 pesos ($2,000,000) that a deceased uncle has bequeathed him and obtain the necessary legal documents.
The pragmatic Patsy sees the assignment as the opportunity Christy has been waiting for and counsels her to romance the heir before telling him of his good fortune.
Christy is not inclined to a gold digger, but Patsy's words ring in her ears as she makes the journey.
Unbeknownst to her, Peter is "the Sunshine Man," the self-promoting and simpering host of a radio program on which he offers syrupy homilies and moral tales about "spreading the sunshine around" (often linked to the products of his sponsors).
Christy arrives on Peter's wedding day as he is scurrying to get dressed for the ceremony and finish packing for a honeymoon cruise to Honolulu with his bride, heiress June Chandler.
When Christy knocks on Peter's apartment door, she is surprised by his good looks and impulsively swoons in his arms.
The half-dressed Peter, baffled by the mysterious woman's appearance and with his living room cluttered by his luggage, carries her to his bed.
Christy "awakens" and acts seductively, but Peter, in reality a notorious ladies' man, believes she is mentally unstable and is unmoved.
Just then his friend, psychiatrist Roland "Doc" Cook (Richard Carlson), who despite his irritation over losing June to Peter is to be best man at the wedding, enters the apartment and assumes that Peter is having one last fling before his marriage.
While Christy is trying to explain her mission from his bathroom, Peter is in the living room trying to convince Doc that appearances are not what they seem and does not hear her.
Christy follows Peter and Doc to the Chandler mansion where the wedding is being held.
Doc refuses to be part of the wedding, and a bewildered Christy inadvertently gives the impression that she is Peter's girl friend, whom he has abandoned for June.
Christy's erratic behavior and insistence that Peter has inherited a fortune in pesos convince everyone that she is unbalanced.
The wedding is called off until Peter can clear himself by driving Christy to Doc's clinic in La Jolla to confirm her instability.
During the trip, fog rolls in and Peter drives off the highway onto a beach, where he loses the car keys.
The wet and weary couple are found by a group of Mexican railroad workers, who, mistaking them for newlyweds, welcome them into their crew car on a nearby siding.
After enjoying a night of dancing and drinking tequila with the Mexicans, Peter and Christy go out into the moonlight and kiss.
In the morning, Peter apologizes to Christy for making the advances as the car is being towed to La Jolla.
Doc talks with Christy, who explains everything, and confirms the truth with her boss.
Doc bemoans the fact that while his clinic is facing financial ruin, Peter has just come into a fortune of his own, but also deduces that Christy is in love with Peter.
Hoping to regain June for himself and Peter for Christy, Doc conspires with her to perpetuate her "illness" for 24 hours while he tricks Peter into "letting her down gently" in order to effect a cure.
After putting up Peter in his own room and installing Christy in the same hotel, Doc summons June, who finds Peter again succumbing to Christy's charms.
Doc, however, persuades June that Peter was just following Doc's therapy.
The glum Doc and Christy get drunk together in the hotel bar, where one of Peter's Sunshine Man broadcasts makes Doc want to make him "eat his words".
They approach Peter and June to "share" their bottle of tequila.
After several drinks, Peter, still believing that he is humoring Christy, is cajoled by the jealous June and intoxicated Doc to pledge his entire inheritance to various La Jolla charities, including Doc's clinic.
The next morning, a hungover Peter is awakened by the press and a stream of well-wishers, all congratulating him on his generosity.
Upon learning that he really did inherit two million dollars and has given it away, Peter is dumbfounded and believes he owes Christy an apology for thinking that she was crazy.
June angrily warns him not to see her again but he knocks on Christy's door anyway, only to see her leaving.
Peter chases her into a train station, where she hides in the ladies room.
Peter declares his love for her, and literally smokes her out with burning newspapers.
The happy couple escape pursuing police and reporters by jumping aboard a train carrying their Mexican friends.
Promoter Ed Hatch comes to the Ozarks with his slow-witted wrestler  Joe Skopapoulos whom he pits against a hillbilly Amazon blacksmith,  Sadie Horn.
Joe falls in love with her and won't fight, at least not until Sadie's beau, Noah, shows up.
Gus Kubicek (played by Guttenberg) is a depressed and overweight cartoonist who recently won a battle against Hodgkin’s disease.
His caring sister Lizzie Potts (Long), a nosy romance novelist, responds to his sadness by trying to set him up with a suitable woman.
Yet to do so she must make him seem more dynamic and attractive.
When Gus falls in love with Emily (Gertz), he adopts the persona of Lobo Marunga, a leather-clad biker from New Zealand.
Eddie "Gonzo" Gilman is the head geek at his high school—and determined to do something about it.
When Gavin, the popular editor of the school paper, fires him, Eddie obtains revenge by establishing an underground paper of his own.
He gains popularity and makes a new friend, Evie Wallace, and it soon gains the attention of the principal, escalating to a bombshell crisis.
Sally Bates (Isabel Jewell) leaves Texas, headed for Hollywood, in the 30’s.
She is tempted to take a job as a mechanic, with Pop (Arthur Stone), on the highway; but, presses on in to town.
She’s going to sleep in her old “Tin Lizzie”.
But, after she saves Bill’s neck (Buster Crabbe), with her old six-shooter, during a botched hold-up.
Bill (Buster Crabbe), takes her home, to live with his Mom, (Maidel Turner); and gives her a job at his drive-in restaurant.
Sally’s friendly and easy going manner is very popular, with the customers; but, Bill gets jealous when Jack (Regis Toomey), the reckless, younger brother of his well-to-do girlfriend Clara (Sally Blane), starts paying Sally attention, following her around in his roadster.
Sally is so humiliated, when Clara rips off the dress Jack gave her, at a nightclub, she ends up at his hotel room, married to Jack, after an ill-conceived night of drinking.
Bill arrives, in the morning, to confront the drunken Jack, and take Sally home; but, when Jack is so drunk, he trips, and smashes his head, killing himself; Bill is under investigation for murder of the wealthy socialite.
Soon after the end of World War II a young English woman, Amy Atkins (Ann Richards), goes back to the London flat where she and her best friend, Tillie Grey, once used to live.
The housekeeper mrs Tubbs (Una O'Connor) meets Amy and reveals to her that Tillie went ill right before she was off to America to look for the man she married during the war.
Tillie died from her illness before she could make her journey, and left two orphaned twin children, Joyce and Johnny Jr.
To honor her old friend and make her husband honour his obligations Amy decides to make the journey that Tillie had planned and complete task of finding her husband, Johnny.
Amy modifies Tillie's new passport and travels to America by boat on the ticket Tillie had bought, posing as her best friend.
The only information Amy has about her best friend's husband is that his name is John "Johnny" Grey, and that he is supposed to reside in Rochester, NY.
To get more information of the whereabouts of Johnny, she asks aid from the American Red Cross.
Just when Amy is about to land at the docks in New York City, a man named John Grey - a New York architect living in Rochester - gets a telegram informing him of the arrival of his wife and children by boat.
This John Grey (Franchot Tone is shocked, since he is about to marry the socialité daughter, Lois (Frances Rafferty, of his boss mr Evans (Clarence Kolb) of his architectural firm that same weekend.
Thinking it may by chance be a man with the same name Johnny contacts all the "John Grey"s of Rochester to find out that none were married in England.
It is true that he spent some time in England during the war, and he may have met some woman, but he lacks every memory of Tillie and her two twin children because he was suffering from amnesia.
He confesses to his friend dr Bob Davis (Tom Conway) that he may have married a woman in London.
Just prior to his airborne division being sent to fight in Continental Europe he was on leave in London during a bombing raid where he hit his head on a lamp post.
He lost his memory for a total of six weeks and was recorded as missing in action.
Eventually the US Military found him and he was cured of his amnesia and brought home across the Atlantic.
What exactly happened during those six weeks is a blur, but everyone in America who knew John thought he was wounded in battle.
Johnny has a big bachelor party planned for the same night, and cannot meet Amy by the boat at her arrival.
Amy starts a pointless search for a "John Grey from Rochester" and finds nothing.
She decides to go to Rochester and continue her search.
By accident she happens to check in at the same hotel as the one where the bachelor party takes place, and Johnny resides.
By mistake, and because Amy is looking for John Grey, she and the twins are taken for a hired act to perform at the bachelor party dinner.
Johnny's friends jokingly present Amy, Joyce and Johnny Jr.
in front of everyone at the party as his "wife and kids", and Johnny is humiliated.
Amy is still posing as Johnny's wife Tillie, when she confronts Johnny right there at the party on his responsibilities as a husband and father.
Johnny has no chance of recognizing Amy, since they never met, and he denies being married to her; still believing that she in fact is Tillie - his English wife.
Panicked by the incident Johnny has quite a few drinks with his best friend Bob who tries to get Johnny to relive his stormy crossing to the United Kingdom and his commando training in an effort to get him to recall what occurred during his amnesia but they are unsuccessful.
They wander the streets, afraid of going back to face Amy/Tillie, who has camped in the hotel lobby, waiting for him to show his face.
Because of his intoxication Johnny gets into a quarrel with a police officer in the street.
Due to the lack of other options he eventually decides to lose his memory and get "amnesia" again.
He deliberately runs into another lamppost and knocks himself out.
Later in the night Amy is informed that her "husband" is down at the Rochester police station waiting for her.
She goes over there to pick him up, but he is going on and on about his amnesia.
A nearby news reporter overhears their conversation and finds out that Amy is a "war bride", which, considering that Johnny is about to marry a socialité that weekend, is big news.
The next morning it is all over the news that John is already married to an English woman.
Subsequently, the engagement to his bosses daughter is broken off and he immediately loses his job at the architectural firm.
Johnny decides to do his duty and devote himself to take care of his children; he finds himself pretty well in the role as a father and is beginning to enjoy himself.
Meeting Amy/Tillie on a regular basis he gets more and more attracted to her - his "wife".
Amy pretends to remember with fondness their six-week romance all those years ago, but problems arise when Johnny wants to get closer and demand his conjugal rights.
Amy tries to get away by saying that he should fall in love again, since it was such a long time ago they met.
Johnny is frustrated by this and seeks his best friend Bob's advice on the matter.
Bob has also grown fond of Amy/Tillie and is attracted to her in the same way Johnny is.
Bob's deceitful advice is for Johnny to back off, since Amy/Tillie may not be attracted to this "new" Johnny at all.
Another problem is arising when Amy learns that the Red Cross has found out about her fake identity and threatens have her deported as an illegal immigrant using false documents.
The Red Cross also claim that Johnny cannot be burdened with the responsibility of the twins, since there is no hard eveidence that he really is their father.
Amy feels forced to tell Johnny and Bob the truth about her deceit.
The same day as she gets the notice from the Red Cross, she also gets two photographs from the housekeeper mrs Tubbs in England, showing Tillie and Johnny, in love, back during the war, when he had his amnesia.
There is also a photo showing Tillie with the twins.
The photograph is proof enough that Johnny is the twins' father and secures their future with him in America.
Amy, however, still risks being deported as an illegal alien with fraudulent documents, since the photographs prove that she in fact isn't who she has claimed to be.
When word of her deceit spreads, Johnny's engagement to his bosses daughter Lois is again feasible.
Johnny's job is also back at hand.
Johnny agrees to marry Lois the next day.
During the night, however, John does a lot of thinking and concludes that he is in love with Amy, not Tillie, and he doesn't want Bob to pursue her.
He decides to pretend having another amnesia episode and get Lois to call off the wedding because he doesn't remember that he loves her.
After meeting with Lois he rushes off to meet with Amy.
In his hurry he loses control of the car and crashes it right into the hotel where Amy stays.
Johnny is injured and ends up in a hospital.
Amy visits him and he proposes to her from his sick-bed.
Lois arrives and faints when she sees Johnny with Amy and the twins.
A drama about two sisters, Jacqueline and June, who are very close and stand by each other, even though their stories separates them.
The older sister, Jacqueline (Carla Lehmann), has a sexually liberal backstory, and the younger is quite unspolied by life.
The story picks up when Jacqueline travels to the French Riviera to change scenery, look for new adventures and search for an eligible bachelor who has no prior knowledge about her frivolous past.
Soon she finds a suitable man, Doctor Michael Thomas (Hugh Williams), and they get married.
Eventually Jacqueline is haunted by her past, as her picture turns up in a tabloid newspaper, and her husband catches a glimpse of his new bride's flamboyant previous mistakes.
Jacqueline's younger sister, June (Joyce Howard), decides to help her older sister out to save her marriage from falling apart.
She takes the blame and tells Michael that she is the one who has fooled around in the recent past.
However, this information gives her problems of her own, as it finds its way to her own romantic interests, and threatens to destroy her own love life.
The story ends with the older sister ultimately confessing her past to her husband and the other parties to the conflict, saving her sister with the truth.
Dodo Doubleday has been inexplicably reduced from first sergeant to staff sergeant and has resumed being orderly to his regimental commander Colonel Barkley.
Sergeant Ames is still a buck sergeant who hates Dodo because he advanced to outrank Ames within Dodo's first 24 hours in the army.
Dodo's former comrade in arms Charlie Cobb is also a buck sergeant.
As both Cobb and Ames are the best marksman in the regiment but constantly boast of their prowess, Colonel Barkley seeks to find an expert who can outshoot them.
Though possessing a photographic memory that enabled him to advance from private to senior non-commissioned officer in less than 24 hours, Dodo has one weakness: though his book knowledge enables him to give lectures on weapons disassembly and ballistics, he is gun shy and an incompetent marksman.
After nearly shooting several of his fellow soldiers on the pistol range, with the actual target being the safest place to hide, Dodo is ordered to go into the woods to practice.
There his missed shots impress the picnicking colonel and his daughter Betty when Dodo accidentally shoots a hawk through the eye whilst in flight and after the colonel catches a fish who breaks the line and is in the process of rolling back into the water, an accidental discharge from Dodo's pistol shoots the fish through his eye.
Eager to deflate the boasting Ames and Cobb, the colonel bets a month's pay that Dodo can outshoot Ames and Cobb.
Ames and Cobb's hatred of Dodo increases when in the interests of promoting democracy in the United States Army, Betty invites Dodo to dinner at the colonel's quarters, but Ames and Cobb believe they have been invited as well.
Jake Cunningham (Shawn Christian) is an uptight FBI agent assigned to protect Brandi O'Neill (Jami Gertz), a lower-class cocktail waitress who recently helped with the tax fraud investigation of her billionaire boyfriend.
When Jake's wealthy parents (Tyne Daly and Winston Rekert) unexpectedly call him home for the holidays, Jake must bring Brandi with him in order to keep her safe prior to the trial.
They pose as a couple in order to keep the proceedings a secret until the court date.
The Cunninghams disapprove of the match but begin to accept Jake's "girlfriend" just as Jake and Brandi are truly becoming a couple.
Brandi testifies against her former boyfriend.
The movie ends as Brandi introduces Jake, her new love, to her mother.
Madeleine Ross (Susan Sarandon) is a journalist, and her boyfriend, Harris Sloane (David Steinberg), is the owner of an art theatre.
Their relationship is on-again/off-again, and when Madeleine meets the French star Jean-Fidel Mileau (Jean-Pierre Aumont) it provokes changes in the way she and Harris feel about each other.
A modern comedy about the everyday perils of first year medical residents at a shabby south Florida hospital.
Wood Harris is the Chief Resident, who teaches the trainees how to save lives and not take themselves too seriously, all the while hiding a chilling secret of his own.
When a dancer's partner becomes pregnant, a nationwide search is instituted to find a replacement from among college women.
A perfect choice is found, but she is not in school, resulting in various hijinks.
Dustin Willoughby (Joe Brown) is a prizefighter and believer in astrology, who only wins when the stars are in alignment.
Mary Wilson, a born and bred Texan, moves to Los Angeles to open a high class bakery, and get away from her wacky family.
After initial success she faces eviction when a bad review and a run of poor sales coincide.
Hoping to raise money from engagement presents she decides to visit her family in Texas with her fiancé, Brent.
Brent comes down with an allergy before the trip and she takes his twin brother Jake, a jailbird, to pretend to be Brent.
While in Texas she falls in love with Jake, and he with her, despite some competition from Lucy, her childhood friend, who is in on the secret and assumes Jake is "available".
Brent arrives during the engagement party and take Mary back to Los Angeles, where Mary's bakery becomes a success after her grandfather gives her the award-winning recipes he and his wife collected over the years.
While setting a wedding date, Brent realizes they are not suited, Mary confesses her love to Jake, and Mary and Jake get married.
The unassuming pet photographer, Bryan Lighthouse (Dave Annable) is thrown into a serious action and romance adventure when he's forced to marry Masha Nikitin (Katharine McPhee) to pay a debt to her criminal parents against his will.
Masha's father Vlatko (aka Vadik) (Ken Davitian) marries her to Bryan to get her a green card, under the condition that Bryan cannot touch her.
Off to spend their honeymoon at a remote tropical resort somewhere in Tahiti, Masha's boyfriend Brick (Vinnie Jones), who is in love with her (although she does not return the feeling), follows them.
After Masha catches Bryan dancing with a hotel waitress, she storms off, as it is hinted she hates womanizers.
Feeling bad, the waitress Lani (Tia Carrere) suggests Bryan take Masha on a romantic outing, to a secret beach encased by a tropical rainforest to make it up to her.
While teasing Bryan at the secret cove, Masha flees into the rainforest and is kidnapped.
Bryan searches for Masha back at the hotel, unaware she has been kidnapped.
He then finds that his psychotic assistant, Tonya (Mena Suvari), who is in love with him, has tracked him down to the resort.
Tonya has brought condoms and tries to have sex with him.
After Bryan informs her that he does not want to have sex with her, Tonya agrees to help find Masha, but tells him that she will one day force him to have sex with her, after trying to have sex with him one more time.
After receiving a call from Masha's kidnappers demanding a ransom, Bryan asks Lani for help.
While Bryan, Lani, and Tonya are making plans, Brick storms in and Lani and Tonya escape off the balcony, leaving Bryan to face Brick's wrath.
When Brick finds a condom Tonya had brought on the unmade, wrecked bed, he assumes that Bryan had attempted to take Masha's virginity and hits him.
Bryan barely escapes, while Brick calls Masha's father back in the USA and informs him of Masha's kidnapping, making it sound as if Bryan had been the kidnapper.
Meanwhile, the kidnappers turn out to be two American INS agents Agent Meyers (Howard Bishop) and Agent Ross (Kevin Dunn).
Afterwards Brick tells Masha's father Vlatko about the condom and Bryan's supposed attempt to have sex with Masha, Vlatko becomes enraged and prepares to fly to the island.
Lani calls her cousin, Ernesto (Rob Schneider) to help find Masha with his helicopter.
A chase scene occurs between Brick and the four heroes (Bryan, Lani, Tonya, and Ernesto) and ends with the group making a hasty escape in Ernesto's helicopter, only to later crash-land by a fishing village.
Deciding to rest on a beach at the edge of the village, Ernesto and Tonya kiss passionately, unconcerned of Masha's dire condition, and Lani and Bryan storm off in anger.
Alone, Ernesto and Tonya almost have sex in a boat in the grass, but Brick soon shows up and knocks them out, revealing that Brick is in on the kidnapping.
Separated, Lani and Bryan obliviously go in separate directions.
Masha escapes her prison in a surfboard shack and finds Bryan, who is crazily driving a jeep stolen from Brick after he tried to kill Bryan.
Bryan and Masha crash the jeep, which erupts into flames, and make an escape on foot.
Finding a canoe on a river, they outrun the three culprits and find a friendly welcoming old-time village.
After eating a huge dinner and dancing and having fun, Masha and Bryan have sex for the first time.
The next morning, they awake to a cheering village.
However, during breakfast the two agents and Brick find the village.
Brick and the lovers battle on a steep ocean cliff.
Just as Brick is ready to kill Bryan, Lani and Ernesto show up in the helicopter, catching Brick off guard.
Masha, using the distraction, grabs Brick's gun and shoots him in the back: he falls off the cliff, taking Bryan with him.
Masha is in shock, terrified with the thought that she killed Bryan too.
Bryan appears in the waves, unharmed, and they are reunited with Masha's family.
Vlatko gives Bryan his blessing to marry Masha for real, but he declines despite his feelings for her.
Masha, heartbroken, continues her old life taking dance lessons.
One day, unable to concentrate on the dance routine she was practicing, Marsha leaves the dance studio to find Bryan outside ready to propose to her as he changed his mind.
As the crowd around them applauds, the film ends with the camera panning away from the couple as they kiss.
A daytime soap opera star has to deal with his sexist ideas when he falls for his new co-star, a woman who seemingly follows his manly ideas about dating.
Griff is a socially awkward person who gets bullied by co-worker Tony by day.
At night he dons the costume of a superhero and fights criminals.
At times his brother Tim, visits him.
One day Tim tells Griff about his girlfriend 'Melody' and brings her with him the next time he visits.
Melody is shown to be a girl who lives in a world of absurd thoughts, who also isn't comfortable with other people.
One day Griff gets an idea about becoming invisible and after some research, finds himself doing experiments by purchasing things from Melody's father's shop.
He makes himself a suit and wearing it, goes to his office but is caught on camera, not yet revealing his face.
Griff again makes an invisibility cloak but this time his boss sees his face on camera he gets fired from his job.
That night, Tony calls a local goon and beats Griff in an alley.
He returns home to retrieve his suit and police catch a bloodied Griff and later release him with a warning.
Slowly Griff and Melody fall in love, and Melody tries to encourage Griff in his work by presenting him with a 'Universal SUIT' sent anonymously.
It becomes apparent that the superhero, the goons he beats and his invisibility are just his imagination.
Tim gets hold of this and asks Melody why she is encouraging him, to which Melody replies Griff is a freak like her and they love living like that.
Griff hears this and realizes the fact that everything is his imagination.
He destroys the costume and all computers he was using in his imaginary world.
He goes to Melody's house for dinner where she realizes Griff no more believes in his imaginary world.
Soon afterwards she comes to Griff's home and tells him he was the only one who went into her world and that was the reason she loved him, but now, he also is behaving like normal people, so she can't love him anymore.
With saying that, she leaves his house and cries leaning on his door.
Suddenly, she falls through the door (as she was seen trying earlier) and lands in Griff's room.
Griff takes her into his arms and she utters, "You can believe it".
They share a passionate kiss.
Soon after, a package falls through the mail slot of Griff's door with Melody's name written on it.
Tim is then shown walking away with his new girlfriend.
Griff runs into his room to put on his invisible suit, and Melody opens the box.
Inside is a note from Tim that says, "Use these to be the only one who can see Griff when he's invisible.
So he doesn't have to wear the hat".
The device resembles a View-Master stereoscopic toy.
Griff enters unseen into the room, and when Melody holds up the device to her eyes, she can see him standing there again.
They smile at each other as the film ends.
Bruno wakes up in bed next to Caroline, his long-time crush.
But tomorrow she's off for school in France, and maybe she only granted this miracle as a parting gift for her long-time friend.
So tonight—tonight is Bruno's last chance.
And tonight, as it happens, Broken Social Scene, her favourite band, is throwing a big outdoor bash.
Maybe if Bruno, with the help of his best pal Blake, can score tickets and give Caroline a night to remember, he can keep this miracle alive.
Peter Donay (Philip Dorn) is the not-so-happy owner of the Café Donay, which is a fancy roadside establishment somewhere between Reno and Lake Tahoe in Nevada.
His marriage is not what it should be, and he has a gambling addiction.
One day, he meets nightclub waitress Sally Murfin (Gloria Grahame), who is a lot more interested in Peter's money and business than anything else.
Peter’s wife, Delilah (Mary Astor), knows about her husband's love affair, and is determined to get rid of Sally by tricking her into believing that there is no money to be had from Peter by telling Sally about the gambling and lying about the business being poor.
Her plan does not work, so Delilah tries to split them up by hiring Sally’s beau Freddie Bilson (Marshall Thompson) as a waiter and letting him stay above their garage.
Her plan goes to waste when Sally overhears that Peter is the winner of $40,000 in a lottery.
Now Sally is more determined to lay her hands on Peter.
Sally's advances on Peter makes Freddie very jealous.
Eventually, Freddie pulls a gun on Peter and threatens to shoot him.
Peter confesses that he and Sally are in love and going to get married.
Delilah asks Peter for a divorce, asking him for the winning lottery ticket as her settlement.
Peter refuses at first, but eventually he gives in and gives her the money.
Full of regret, he then tells Sally’s friend Johnny about his mistake, and that he wants his wife back.
Sally is outraged when she hears about the settlement and is more interested in Freddie, now that Delilah has bought him a new motorcycle.
Sally disappears with Freddie, and Peter begs his wife Delilah for forgiveness, and gets it.
It turns out she was bluffing about divorcing and leaving him all along, when her suitcase opens as they kiss and make up, revealing that it is empty.
Kim Mathews (Felicity Jones) is introduced by a television presenter (Miquita Oliver) as a former skateboarding champion whose mother was killed in a car accident.
Kim gives up skateboarding and begins working in a fast food burger bar to pay household bills to help her father (Bill Bailey).
When she and her father need more money to pay the bills, Kim goes looking for a job with better pay.
Her friend recommends a job choice as a chalet girl, working in the Alps for rich clients.
As she is turned down, there is a call to say that the current chalet girl broke her leg and Kim is accepted for the job at the last minute.
Chalet Girl Georgie (Tamsin Egerton) is sent to help Kim out but doesn't seem to like her as she is anything but posh or glamorous and she can't ski or snowboard as she has never been to the Alps.
Kim is instantly attracted to Johnny (Ed Westwick) the rich son of Richard (Bill Nighy) and Caroline (Brooke Shields), although he is in a relationship with girlfriend Chloe (Sophia Bush).
As Kim is living next to the mountains she tries to teach herself to snowboard although she finds this difficult.
Mikki (Ken Duken), seeing her struggle, helps her out and teaches her to snowboard.
He notices that she has a natural talent.
He persuades her to try out to win a snowboarding competition to win $25,000.
Georgie begins to become friends with Kim and later finds out it is her birthday.
She takes Kim to a club, where they get drunk.
She persuades Kim to take the party back to where they are staying, as the family are out.
Georgie, Kim, Mikki and Georgie's friend, Jules (Georgia King) are in the hot tub and they are naked.
Georgie and Mikki continue to hook up.
When Kim gets out of the tub to shovel snow on herself, the family return home and see her naked.
Georgie and Kim then proceed to clean the house and pay back for any damage that was done to the house.
Kim continues to work on her snowboarding skills and tries to conquer her fear of the high jumps as it brings back the memory of the car crash.
Kim and Johnny become closer and at the end of a business trip with his father and some potential investors he decides to stay behind, presumably to spend more time with Kim.
Johnny pays her to teach him how to snowboard, which brings them closer and after a day in the snow they kiss briefly and end up sleeping together.
Bernhard (Gregor Bloéb) had spotted them earlier and had alerted Johnny's mother.
The morning after their one night stand, Caroline (Johnny's mother) catches them and gives away the fact that Johnny is engaged to Chloe.
Kim packs her stuff and leaves the house upset and angry that Johnny lied to her and slept with her even though he was engaged.
As she is going to leave for home, her father persuades her to stay and try and win the competition as it would have been what her mother wanted.
In London, at his and Chloe's engagement party, Johnny breaks up with Chloe in front of the guests.
Chloe, piecing together the facts, asks if he is in love with Kim, which he admits to.
After hearing the news of their break up, Kim appears to not care about Johnny anymore.
Mikki and Kim enter the competition.
Mikki fails to make the high jump and ends up breaking his arm, which takes him out of the chance of winning.
Kim does well on all obstacles until she gets to the high jump; she stops as she remembers the car accident again.
Although she doesn't make a place in the top 20 to be in the final, she is the first reserve having come 21st.
When the finals come, world champion Tara (Tara Dakides, as herself) pulls out and gives up her chances of winning to Kim.
Kim makes all obstacles and jumps, visualizing her mother cheering her on from the crowd; she lands the jump perfectly and wins.
Johnny, having come back after breaking up with Chloe, appears behind Kim and apologises; a playful conversation follows and they kiss.
It then shows Johnny's mother and father are watching the show on TV and see Johnny and Kim kiss.
Johnny's mother, seeing how happy her son is, gives in and agrees to accept Kim.
Dr.
Dockweiler Droop (Robert Woolsey) is a carnival charlatan, scamming local shills out of their hard earned money.
He adopted Rosie (Anita Louise) when she was three, and has raised her to become a pretty young woman, who is just as good an operator as her adoptive father is.
As they pass through a small town, Rosie falls in love with Billy Lowe (John Darrow), and pleads with Dockweiler to leave the carnival life and settle down.
Dockweiler agrees, and the two leave the carnival.
To support them, Dockweiler becomes partners with a jewelry store owner, Al Oberdorf (Alfred James), who is on the verge of bankruptcy.
Due to Dockweiler's sales skills, he saves the store from failure.
He has also been spending his time convincing the gullible townspeople that he is actually a European noblemen.
While Rosie is in love with Billy, she finds out that he is engaged to a snobbish socialite, Madeline Van Dorn (Lita Chevret).
Heartbroken, when Billy invites her to his birthday, she agrees to go, along with Dockweiler.
While at the party, Dockweiler decides to get back at the townspeople who have heartbroken his daughter, and runs a crooked shell game, bilking the locals of large amounts of cash.
When Rosie discovers that Billy has true feelings for her, and intends to marry her, she asks Dockweiler to lose back the money he has won.
He agrees, but before the evening is out, the Sheriff (Clifford Dempsey) arrives and asks him to leave town for running a dishonest game.
Before they can leave, however, the jewelry store is robbed, and suspicion falls on Dockweiler who is arrested for the theft.
He escapes from the jail, and is leaving town with Rosie, when the Sheriff and Billy track them down to let them know that the real jewel thieves have been apprehended.
Dockweiler understands that he will never fit in with the local gentry, so, now assured of Rosie's happiness with Billy, bids them adieu and departs.
The film is set in Tuscany during the Black Death.
As in the Decameron, ten young Florentines take refuge from the plague.
But instead of telling stories, they have lusty adventures, bawdy exchanges, romance and swordplay.
There are randy nuns, Saracen pirates, and a sexy cow.
Pampinea is the daughter of a wealthy merchant who has died moment before the start of the movie.
Lorenzo is a young man in town who is exceptionally good at gambling and is charmed by her beauty.
Gerbino De Ratta is the head of the local thugs who robs anyone or steals anything that he sees stealable.
Count Dzerzhinsky is Pampinea's fiance who she has never met.
Their fate intertwine with each other after Pampinea's father died and Gerbino robs Pampinea of her fortune, saying her father was in debt.
The only way for the merchant's daughter to retain her life was to marry him, according to Gerbino himself.
Lorenzo was being chased by Gerbino after he bested him at a gamble table, then took refuge in a Convent by posing as a "deaf & dumb" gardener.
At this convent, he has sex with all of the horny nuns, but only until Pampinea's arrival.
Pampinea&mdash;trying to escape from Gerbino's grasp&mdash;ran to the convent for shelter.
There she witnesses Lorenzo, whom she'd long had feelings for, having sex with the nuns and get jealous.
She blindfolds Lorenzo and kisses him passionately out of love.
But then, out of jealousy, informs the convent's Holy Mother of his deception, that he is actually neither deaf nor dumb.
The Count, arrives at Florence only to be ambushed by Gerbino's men.
All of his companions are killed, but he survives.
Receiving a message from Pampinea's servant, Count Dzerzhinsky rides to Pampinea's father's mansion for the wedding, for he has been promised her hand in marriage.
On the way, the young Count meets a skinny dipping Melissa&mdash;Pampinea's best friend, who is on her way to attend the wedding&mdash;and the two subsequently fall in love.
The Count is led to believe Melissa is Pampinea.
Chased out of the convent, Lorenzo follows Pampinea to her father's mansion.
There he confesses to her that he's fallen in love with the nun who kissed him whilst blindfolded, the woman whose face he never got to see.
Later, Gerbino and his men arrive at the mansion and imprison Lorenzo.
Pampinea agrees to marry Gerbino right that day to save Lorenzo, and thus Lorenzo is banished to the woods.
There he meets Dzerzhinsky who is on his way to the mansion to be married to 'Pampinea' (actually Melissa) and the two team up to take out Gerbino's men.
Gerbino himself dies falling into a large deep well inside the mansion.
Pampinea, in love with Lorenzo, refuses to get married to Count Dzerzhinsky, only to realise moments later that the Count himself is actually in love with Melissa who has been posing as her.
She happily then runs after Lorenzo and kisses him.
Lorenzo realises that she is in fact the nun he's in love with and they hold their wedding that very day, together with all of their friends.
One month after Chucky's demise in the last film, Tiffany, a former girlfriend and accomplice of serial killer Charles Lee Ray, acquires Chucky's remains from a police compound after murdering an officer who had access to the evidence locker.
Believing that Ray's soul still inhabits the doll, Tiffany crudely stitches Chucky back together and reenacts the voodoo ritual which had instilled Ray's soul inside the doll ten years ago.
The incantations fail at first, but Chucky suddenly springs to life and kills Tiffany's Goth admirer Damien as Tiffany looks on with excitement.
Later, Tiffany and Chucky have an argument because Tiffany believed that Chucky wanted to marry her.
Upon learning he had no intention of doing so, Tiffany locks Chucky in a playpen, and later gives him a doll in a wedding dress to make fun of him.
While Tiffany is taking a bath, Chucky escapes the play pen and pushes the television set into the bathtub, electrocuting her.
He then uses the same voodoo ritual to transfer Tiffany's soul into the bride doll, in order for her to feel what he went through as a living doll.
Still intent on becoming human again, Chucky plans to retrieve the magical amulet that was buried with Ray's body, and use the bodies of Tiffany's neighbor Jesse and his girlfriend Jade as hosts for their souls.
Tiffany sends Jesse a message asking him to transport the two dolls to Hackensack, New Jersey, in exchange for money.
Jesse convinces Jade to go with him, but as they pack up, Jade's strict and overprotective uncle police chief Warren plants a bag of marijuana in Jesse's van to frame him.
Chucky and Tiffany set up a car airbag to launch nails into his face, then hide the body.
The oblivious Jesse and Jade return and begin their trip.
Outside a convenience store, they are pulled over by Officer Norton, who searches Jesse's car and finds the marijuana.
As he goes back to his patrol car to report it, Chucky causes the car to explode, killing Officer Norton in the process, and Jesse and Jade flee the scene.
They stop at a wedding chapel/hotel and get married.
Meanwhile, Warren, still alive, tries to escape but is killed by Chucky.
While Jesse and Jade are at the hotel, a con artist couple steals Jesse's money.
As the criminals have sex in their room, Tiffany throws a bottle at the mirrored ceiling.
The falling shards of glass kill the two con artists.
Amazed at the murder, Chucky proposes to Tiffany.
The next morning, a maid finds the corpses of the couple, and Jesse and Jade drive away with their best friend David, who knew about their plan to elope.
David reveals that Jesse and Jade are the main suspects for all of the deaths.
He finds Warren's body in the car and confront them.
The dolls come alive and hold them hostage with guns, ordering them to keep driving.
David alerts a police officer and is instantly killed by a passing truck.
Horrified, Jesse and Jade drive away with the dolls.
Chucky and Tiffany reveal their plan, and direct Jesse to steal a mobile home to use as a new vehicle to evade the police.
While Tiffany prepares Jade for the body-switch, Jade convinces her to turn on Chucky.
A fight between Tiffany and Chucky ensues.
Jade locks Tiffany into an oven, while Jesse pushes Chucky out the window.
Chucky shoots at Jesse, causing the mobile home to run off the road and into a ditch.
Chucky forces Jade at gunpoint to take him to his grave site, while Jesse takes Tiffany and follows them.
Chucky orders Jade to open the casket and take the amulet, which she does.
Jesse then appears with Tiffany and they trade hostages, but Chucky throws a knife into Jesse's back, and ties up the couple for the ritual.
Before Chucky begins the incantation, Tiffany distracts Chucky, then unsuccessfully attempts to kill him.
After a fight, Tiffany is stabbed in the heart and collapses.
Jesse knocks Chucky into his grave, and Jade grabs Chucky's gun and shoots him to death.
A private investigator arrives and witnesses the scene.
The investigator contacts the police, telling them that Chucky is responsible for the murders and sends the couple on their way.
As the investigator inspects Tiffany, she gives birth to a baby doll before finally dying.
The baby doll then attacks the investigator and the scene cuts to black.
Dr.
Ann Wotters, working at the Brockhurst Institute of Research in Los Angeles, is devastated when she learns that her uncle, dr Homer Pecke, will be let off because the institute can't afford to keep him on staff and his research project running.
The institute would need another $20,000 to afford Pecke's services.
Ann and her uncle's colleagues dr Gurke, dr Pembroke and dr Collyer, put their sharp heads together to come up with a plan to raise the money needed.
They get unexpected help from the institute janitor, who has had recent success at the racetrack.
To ensure their wins at the racetrack, the uncle's scientist colleagues try to come up with a fool proof formula to foresee which horses will win the races.
The four scientists then decide to try their "luck" at the Pasadena racetrack.
They discover that there are no available hotel rooms left in the city, but Ann manages to persuade the staff of a hotel to let her into the room reserved for Steve Canfield, who is a race horse owner.
When Steve checks in, Ann persuades him to let her keep one of the rooms in his suite.
Steve's old girlfriend and horse owning colleague Hilda is also staying at the hotel.
She is keen on reuniting with Steve, but Ann and Steve are starting to get romantically involved.
Meanwhile, the three other scientists are trying to decide which horse to bet on and eventually decide on Steve's horse, mr McGillicudy.
When Steve hears about this, he tries to persuade Ann not to bet on his horse, afraid that he will be blamed for her losing money if his horse loses.
Homer goes missing from his home in Los Angeles, then turns up at the racetrack in Pasadena, too, and makes contact with Steve's horse trainer Jeff Habbard.
Homer tells Ann that he has bet on Steve's horse because Steve himself has bet on it.
Ann has followed Steve's advice, however, and bet on another horse, losing their money when mr McGillicuddy wins.
Ann is furious and suspicious towards Steve after this.
Steve feels bad, not knowing that Uncle Homer was misinformed about his betting on his own horse.
The relationship between Ann and Steve comes to an abrupt halt, giving Hilda greater leverage for reconciliation with Steve.
Even though Hilda is still in love with "the Count" and Steve with Ann, Hilda proposes they marry and merge their racing interests.
Although Homer wins on Steve's horse, the scientists haven't won enough money to get Homer reinstated at the institute.
Ann goes to Steve to borrow the rest of the money from him, but finds him and Hilda drinking and on the floor in Hilda's room.
Steve, still unaware that Ann thinks he bet on his own horse, catches Ann off guard by offering her the money before she can ask.
Elated at first, Ann storms off without the money when Steve tells her that he is now engaged to Hilda.
At the next race, Ann asks Steve to place another bet for her on mr McGillicuddy, then challenges Hilda to withdraw her horse from a joint entry with McGillicudy to prove she isn't marrying Steve for the money.
The scientists find that they have miscalculated,e, 2 + 2 = 5, and have placed the wrong bet.
Hilda accepts the challenge and they decide to bet the outcome of the race -- the one who has bet on the winning horse gets to be with Steve.
Steve returns, having saved the scientists by betting on the horse he thought would win.
Just before the race begins, Ann learns that the institute has found money to reinstate Homer.
mr McGillicudy wins the race, Ann and the scientists win their bets, and Steve and Ann reunite with a kiss in the winner's circle.
A leading pop star is kidnapped in swinging London.
The story begins with Dimple Chaddha (Parineeti Chopra) who is a spoilt brat since her father Suresh Chaddha is the creator of "Chaddha Industries", a huge finance company in Delhi.
Dimple used to meet her boyfriend, Sunny Singh (Ranveer Singh) secretly.
The two party all night, and eventually Dimple passes out of alcohol.
Sunny then drops her home, and wanders off.
He breaks into a bungalow nearby and starts to throw stones on windows and consequently chased by the residents.
Later he explains to Dimple that the bungalow actually belongs to his father, who died shortly before, and encroached by tenants but he gets taxedDimple convinces her father to help him but his father tries to make profit out of it by buying the property at less valuation.
Her father claims later as if he had fooled Sunny big time, though is later arrested when the police claims that the family living there had a stay order, and that he entered there with no permission.
Dimple realizes she has been conned, and starts to cry out loud.
Then, Sunny is spotted in an airport leaving for Mumbai, with the Rs.
20 lakhs which he receives as an advance from Dimple's father.
In Mumbai, he spies on an business woman named Raina Parulekar (Dipannita Sharma) who is paranoid for everything.
She has been ordered by her boss to deliver anF.
Hussain painting, which is sold out everywhere.
He opens up a fake art gallery pretending to be an artist named Deven Shah.
Raina fails to identify fake painting and she contacts Deven(MF.
Hussain)over the phone, he acts to be the owner of the painting and sells it to Raina.
She gives Rs.
70 lakhs to Deven but later her boss realizes its a fake, and fires her.
She then reveals to the media about a guy named Deven "Dev" Shah, who conned her for a fake Hussain painting.
Dimple sees the news on TV, and suspects that maybe Deven Shah could be Sunny similarly a widow named Saira Rashid (Aditi Sharma), explains her story of being conned the same person in name of Iqbal Khan.
Raina calls over Dimple and Saira to her town, where they make a plan to find and con the number one conman who they name "Bloody Kameena(BK)" (Bloody Scoundrel).
To trace BK they uses his ringtone clueto find his real name Diego Vaz from Goa.
They hire a sales woman, Ishika (Anushka Sharma) to act as a millionaire, and she wants to open a restaurant in India with the help of the Bloody Kameena, so if he invested money in the restaurant, they could sneakly steal the money and escape, thus ruining the BK.
The four divas set out to Goa, and start their trap.
The BK slowly starts falling into it,but he never realizes it.
Ishika says she can't con him anymore because they love each other, and the BK has no clue of it.
Dimple begins to argue loudly with her, and is overheared by Diego Vaz who was waiting outside the door for Ishika.
He is heartbroken, and realizes the pain he gave to everyone when he conned them.
But due to vengeance, he now makes a plan to con the four girls.
He himself originally purchased a swamp worth Rs.
3 lakh and as a con blew its cost to 90 lakhs.
All girls blame Ishika for cheating and take their anger out on her.
The three now return home, only to find Diego Vaz sitting in their garden, with the Rs.
1 crores.
He explains why he came back, and didn't feel good about conning the girl he truly loved, and that the four girls have changed him into now becoming an honest and decent man.
He returns the money he stole from them, and leaves.
Three girls realizes love between Ishika and Diego and reunite them.
He proposes to her but Ishika asks his real name, "Ricky Bahl" he replied, and story ends with a love kiss.
Fisheries expert Alfred Jones (Ewan McGregor) receives an email from financial adviser Harriet Chetwode-Talbot (Emily Blunt), seeking advice on a project to bring salmon fishing to the Yemen—a project being bankrolled by a wealthy Yemeni sheikh and supported by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
Alfred dismisses the project as "fundamentally unfeasible" because Yemen cannot provide the necessary environment for salmon.
Meanwhile, the British Prime Minister's press secretary Patricia Maxwell (Kristin Scott Thomas) suggests the salmon fishing story to the Prime Minister's office as a positive story to help improve relations between Britain and the Islamic world.
Alfred meets with Harriet to discuss the project, but despite Harriet correcting his misconceptions of the Yemen environment, Alfred is convinced that the project is foolhardy.
Alfred's boss, pressured by Patricia, forces Alfred to accept a position on the project.
Alfred considers resigning rather than ruin his reputation in the scientific community, but is convinced by his wife that they need his income and pension.
Harriet arranges for Alfred to meet the sheikh (Amr Waked) at his estate in the Scottish Highlands.
The sheikh is excited to meet Alfred, the inventor of the "Woolly Jones" fishing fly.
While the sheikh acknowledges that the project may sound crazy, he still believes that fishing is a noble pursuit that promotes harmony and requires immense faith.
After his wife accepts a position in Geneva, Alfred devotes himself to the salmon project.
Although painfully shy, he enjoys working with Harriet and they begin to make progress.
Their enthusiasm is interrupted, however, when Harriet learns that her new boyfriend, British special forces captain Robert Meyers (Tom Mison), is missing in action.
Devastated, Harriet withdraws to her apartment.
When Alfred visits her, she gets upset, thinking he just wants her to return to work, but then she realizes he's come to comfort her, and the two embrace.
Meanwhile, the sheikh continues his work, despite radicals who accuse him of introducing Western ways to their region.
Patricia informs the sheikh that because of opposition to removing salmon from British rivers they will need to use farmed salmon.
The sheikh does not believe that salmon bred in captivity will survive and rejects Patricia's offer, ending the British government's involvement in the project.
Alfred resigns his government job to continue with the project.
After a confrontation with his wife in which he realizes that their marriage is over and that he is in love with Harriet, Alfred convinces the sheikh to give the farmed salmon a try.
As the two are fishing, a Yemeni radical attempts to assassinate the sheikh, who is saved by Alfred casting his fishing line towards the assassin.
Soon after, they return to the Yemen, where Harriet and Alfred continue to grow closer.
After a moonlight swim, he asks her if there was a "theoretical possibility" of the two of them ending up together.
She accepts with a kiss on his cheek, but says she will need some time.
At a press conference in Yemen with the Foreign Secretary, Patricia reunites Harriet and Robert, who survived the antiterrorism operation.
The PR stunt leaves Alfred heartbroken.
That night, Harriet realizes her feelings for Robert have changed, and when Alfred gets a text message from his wife asking him to return, he declines.
The following day the fish are released from their holding tanks.
The fish swim upstream and everyone celebrates the success of the project.
While Robert and the foreign minister fly-fish for the photographers, terrorists break into the dam upstream and open the flood gates.
Although most people survive the resulting flash flood, the valley is left in ruins.
The sheikh blames himself for the tragedy, and vows to rebuild—this time with the support of the local community.
The next day, as Harriet prepares to leave with Robert, she approaches Alfred to say goodbye.
Just then they see a salmon jumping from the water, indicating that some fish survived.
Alfred tells Harriet he will stay and help them rebuild.
Harriet asks if he will need a partner—and Alfred realizes she is talking about herself.
They embrace, and then hold hands while looking out over the river.
Eddie (Courtney Vance) is trained killer for the Eliminator Corp, a shadowy government organization dedicated to wasting society's undesirables.
Since he is a devout Catholic, he reconciles his beliefs and career choice by taking a vow of celibacy.
Sensing that her underling could use some fun, Eddie's boss—known only as Middleman (Kathleen Turner) -- sets him up on a blind date with no-nonsense Lois Newton (Regina King).
The tenacious Lois is struck by the gloomy loner and sets about trying to break Eddie's vow of chastity and his homicidal line of work.
In the process, Eddie begins to rethink his life, much to the dismay of Middleman and his work associates.
Jason Alexander, Michael Gilio, and Ed Asner co-star in this debut effort by writer-director Dwayne Johnson-Cochran.
Love and Action in Chicago premiered at the 1999 Toronto International Film Festival.
Michael Finnegan, a past-his-prime journalist, has been relegated to ghost-writing Dear Felicity, a column for the lovelorn.
He and his wife live in a decaying neighborhood; his wife, still despondent over losing their young son, lives in a fantasy world.
Despite these reversals, Finnegan retains his optimism: he knows human beings begin again, and again.
He gets his own chance to begin again when, one day on the bus, he meets Liz DeHaan, an art teacher who is having an affair with a married man.
Ava (Mandy Moore) and Charlie (Kellan Lutz) are newlyweds that have been inspired by the 30-year marriage of Ava's parents, Bradley (James Brolin) and Betty (Jane Seymour) when Ava decides to throw them a surprise anniversary party.
But when Betty finds out about an affair Bradley had 25 years ago, she refuses to live with him, which then forces Ava into moving her father into her house, without consulting Charlie.
She promises her new husband that it will only be for a short while.
Being a marriage counselor, Ava tries and starts to obsess over fixing her parents' marriage so much that it starts to affect her relationship with Charlie.
Their marriage starts to deteriorate when they stop having sex and becomes worse when their friend Gerber and new Polish wife, Kasia, whom he had met the night before, show up and he tells Ava about Charlie’s first marriage 10 years ago, that she never knew about.
When she hears about it, she becomes upset and Charlie tries to explain that it was a long time ago and he was under the influence of alcohol when it happened.
When Ava decides to send her parents to another therapist, the therapist suggests doing a rock climbing exercise to help build trust.
One partner climbs while the other holds the rope for support.
During the exercise, Ava's parents get into an argument and her father leaves the rope, leaving Betty suspended in air calling for help.
Ava leaves her own rope to help her mother, leaving Charlie suspended without any support, which results in him falling and injuring his back and neck.
When Ava tries to apologize, Charlie warns her that her distracted behavior is causing an increasing gulf between them.
Ava is still planning the anniversary party in secret when her mother tells her she’s leaving on a trip to Asia in 10 days for 6 months.
She comes up with a plan to bring her parents together and enlists Charlie’s help to take her father out for a guys night.
When Charlie and Bradley meet up with Gerber at a bar, the trio winds up at a strip club and spend the night becoming incredibly intoxicated.
When they get home to find Ava with her mother, Bradley tells Betty that she can leave because he’s going to marry a hot, young girl from Europe, something he had heard Gerber say.
Ava scolds Charlie for his behavior and ruining her plan which then leads to him complaining about their sex life.
When Ava’s sister Shelby (Jessica Szohr) takes Betty speed dating, Bradley is back at home with Ava when he takes a few sleeping pills and falls asleep.
Ava flushes the rest of the pills down the toilet and calls 9-1-1 to make it look like a suicide.
During that time, Betty has the realization that no man could ever replace Bradley and even more so when she finds out that he’s in the hospital.
Charlie asks Ava about the number of pills Bradley had taken, and she admits that she had created the whole incident in an attempt to bring her parents together.
Charlie yells at Ava for her manipulative behavior, and storms out of the hospital.
When Ava gets home that night, she discovers that Charlie has left, leaving a note saying that he’s at Gerber’s.
The next day, Ava goes to Charlie’s office to apologize, and asks him to come back home.
He replies that “he can't answer that right now”.
She invites him to her parents' 30th anniversary party, which is now back on, but he declines, saying that he isn't in the mood for celebrating.
Upon hearing this, Ava becomes enraged and accuses Charlie of having an affair with his secretary, Adriana.
He denies that there is an affair, questions her motives for marrying him, suggesting that perhaps she had only done so to boost her career and lend credibility to her marriage counseling business.
Ava is stunned, and leaves.
The next day, Gerber kicks Charlie out because Kasia’s family comes to visit.
When Charlie hears Gerber talk to his wife in Polish, and asks him about it, Gerber says that if you love someone and want to live a successful married life, you have to accept and respect their family as well.
Charlie goes to find Ava who is at her parent’s party.
They meet after Ava has the realization that it’s her own fault for the way their marriage is and wanted to apologize.
Charlie redoes his marriage vows and Ava responds, "I do".
Charlie suggests going back to the party, but Ava suggests they consummate their marriage instead.
Evie Jackson (Geraldine Page) is a middle-aged, single postmaster from Ohio who is attending a postmasters' convention at a New York City hotel.
Outgoing, honest, and somewhat tactless, she has many friends but pines for a romantic relationship, one that will be more meaningful than the flings she has had with married conventioneers in previous years.
She uses various means to make herself feel less lonely and more important, such as sending herself a welcome message and having herself paged in the hotel lobby.
Harry Mork (Glenn Ford) is a womanizing former traveling salesman for a greeting card company, who now wishes to settle down.
Harry has accepted a promotion to an office job in New York City, and has gotten engaged to Phyllis (Angela Lansbury), a middle-aged widowed housewife from Altoona, Pennsylvania.
Harry is staying alone in the same hotel as Evie while he starts his new job and finds an apartment, where Phyllis, who is still back in Altoona, will later join him.
While Harry is checking in, Phyllis's son Patrick (Michael Anderson, Jr) suddenly arrives, seeking to bond with his new father.
Harry is surprised to find that Patrick is not the young boy he had expected based on a photograph, but instead is an 18-year-old bohemian with a beard (which, it is later revealed, got him expelled from school).
Harry is mildly annoyed by Patrick's unexpected arrival and embarrassed by his casual attitude towards women, sex and nudity, particularly after Patrick moves into Harry's hotel room with his purportedly platonic female friend, Émile Zola Bernkrand (Joanna Crawford).
Evie meets Harry when they are forced to share a dinner table in the crowded hotel restaurant, but Harry is more interested in buxom blonde hotel shop clerk June Loveland (Barbara Nichols) than he is in the overly friendly Evie, and quickly makes an excuse to leave for a tryst with June.
Returning to the hotel, Harry meets Evie again in the lobby, where she is upset after escaping from the unwanted sexual advances of a strange man outside her room.
Evie and Harry end up enjoying each other's company over drinks and make a date for the next morning.
However, the next morning Patrick shows up again wanting to spend the day with Harry, so Harry breaks his date with Evie to go look at apartments with Patrick and Zola.
A disappointed Evie spends the day with a trio of older spinster postmasters, but cheers up when Harry returns, offering to take her to dinner and show her the apartment he rented in Greenwich Village.
Evie optimistically thinks Harry is planning to reveal that the apartment is intended for the two of them to occupy, and is crushed when she realizes that Harry is really planning to live there with his soon-to-be wife, Phyllis.
Harry takes Evie back to the hotel and impulsively kisses her, but Phyllis unexpectedly arrives from Altoona.
So Harry goes to stay with her in the hotel across the street, while Evie sadly arranges to return to Ohio the next day.
But Harry soon discovers that Phyllis does not want to live a happy domestic life with him in the old-fashioned apartment he rented.
Instead she wants to live in modern hotels, where she won't have to cook or clean, and also wants Harry to be a father figure to Patrick so she won't have to deal with him and his teenage problems.
Harry realizes that he truly loves Evie, and that Patrick and Phyllis need to spend more time with each other rather than with him.
He breaks off his engagement and happily reunites with Evie at the train station.
John Lawrence (Ronald Reagan) is a returning GI.
Mary McKinley (Patricia Neal in her film debut) is the girl he left behind.
But their reunion will have to wait: John has returned with cockney war bride Lilly Herbish (Virginia Field) in tow.
It seems that John married Lilly as a favor to get her into theS, intending to divorce her so that she can wed her true love, John's old pal Fred Taylor (Jack Carson).
Tommy Tanner (Wheeler) and Egbert Higginbotham (Woolsey) are two vaudevillians who were kicked out of the last town they performed in.
After fleeing to the town of Lockville, the duo befriend elderly widow Mother Talley (Lucy Beaumont).
Mother is upset because she is unable to get customers into her drug store.
In addition, Mother owes a payment on a bank note to Harry Watters (Jason Robards).
Tommy and Egbert decide to turn Mother's drugstore into a money-making venture, even producing their own afternoon radio program right in the store.
Harry, who wants to buy the store as part of a bootlegging operation, attempts to sell the duo an alcohol-laced drink, referring to it as "lemon-syrup".
The "syrup" gains praise from everybody in town, until the police show up to close down the operation.
Tommy and Egbert are suspicious of Harry, and it is up to them to find Harry, clear their name, and save Mother's store.
Joan Howell intends to be an actress, but for now she's working as a maid.
Three different times, she accidentally bumps into Tom Milford, a successful publishing executive, who then asks her for a date.
Ashamed of her own modest home, Joan invites him to the lavish apartment of one of her clients, pretending it is hers.
What she doesn't know, because she and her employer have never met, is that the apartment is Tom's.
He is shocked to find himself being welcomed to his own place.
To see how far Joan is prepared to go, Tom moves in with his pal Harvey and goes along with it.
As soon as Joan becomes aware of the truth, however, she gets even by throwing a party with girls pretending to be prostitutes, whereupon the party is promptly raided by the cops.
A young cockney shop girl meets a penniless Russian prince and takes him home to live with her family.
His presence creates chaos in the girls humble Fulham home.
It turns out he has a secret cache of diamonds given him by the last Czar, and is persuaded to start selling them.
A career girl's husband gets jealous when her sexist boss is too flirtatious, so she gives up her job.
But soon, she finds that her career is too hard to leave behind.
Dr.
Lucius Griffith "Biff" Grimes (Gary Cooper) is a small town dentist dissatisfied with his lot.
Though married to the lovely and affectionate Amy Lind Grimes (Frances Fuller), Grimes still carries a torch for his former sweetheart, Virginia "Virgie" Brush Barnstead (Fay Wray).
Years earlier, Grimes had lost Virgie to his old friend Hugo Barnstead (Neil Hamilton), and is consumed with the desire to get even with his rival.
The now-wealthy Hugo comes to visit Grimes, with Virgie in town.
Grimes then seeks to rekindle his old romance.
Ann Harper Berry (Loretta Young), a young socialite, receives an inheritance of one million dollars from her deceased grandmother.
The will stipulates, however, that she will only receive the money after she has been married to someone who meets with the approval of her two prudish aunts Sarah (Louise Fazenda) and Katherine (Ethel Wales) Harper.
The will also stipulates that everyone will lose their inheritance if a scandal involving Ann occurs before she is married.
In the case of a scandal, the entire estate will be donated to an organization for the welfare of cats and dogs.
Ann, who is furious at being denied the right to marry who she pleases, decides to create a scandal.
She advertises in the paper for an unscrupulous man to compromise her.
Gilly Hayden (Douglas Fairbanks, Jr).
answers the ad and arrives at Ann's apartment.
In order to make the affair as scandalous as possible, Ann's maid asks Fairbanks to remove his clothing.
Before the newspaper men arrive, Ann's two aunts show up and attempt to force Gilly to marry their niece.
Gilly, not wanting to force Ann into marriage, jumps out the window with nothing on but a woman's robe.
By this time, Ann and Gilly, though they had only spent a short time together, have already fallen in love.
Lint Harper (Raymond Keane), Gilly's roommate, becomes interested when Gilly tells him what happened with Ann.
He decides to try to get Ann to marry him in order to get a part of her fortune.
He takes her to a nightclub called the Circus Cafe.
While there Ann meets Gilly and her two aunts, who are being escorted by two gigolos (two other roommates of Gilly), who have come to spy on their niece.
The aunts become drunk through the machinations of the gigolos and when the club is raided they manage to escape with their aid.
Ann blackmails her aunts into consenting to her marriage with Gilly, threatening to expose their scandalous behaviour at the nightclub if they don't.
This leaves the couple free to pursue their romance.
Working the night shift as a toll collector on a lonely stretch of highway in Buffalo, New York, Henry is a man seemingly without ambition, dreams or purpose; a man sleepwalking his way through life.
His wife Debbie is not happy with the situation.
One morning Eddie, a friend, drops by to ask Henry to play in a baseball game, as one of the others is ill, and Henry agrees to.
As they drive to the game in Henry's car, Eddie asks Henry to stop at an ATM.
But Eddie, and two acquaintances also in the car, instead rob the Buffalo Savings Bank, and Henry is arrested as an accomplice.
Rather than give up the names of the real culprits, Henry takes the fall and goes to jail.
There he is celled with the irrepressible Max, a con man who has grown far too comfortable with the familiarity and security of his "idyllic" life behind bars, but one who also helps plant an idea in Henry's mind which will change his life forever: for a man to find his purpose, he must first have a dream.
Debbie decides to divorce him, and she marries Joe, one of the acquaintances.
Upon his release eighteen months later, Henry finds his purpose.
Having done the time, he decides he may as well do the crime.
Discovering a long forgotten bootlegger's tunnel which runs from the very same bank to a theater across the alleyway, he convinces the reluctant Max to file for his long overdue parole – to help stage a robbery of the bank.
Max encourages Henry to become an actor in the theater's current production of The Cherry Orchard by Chekhov, to assist Max, "volunteering" to work in the theater, in getting access to the tunnel.
Meanwhile, Henry finds himself falling for the production's mercurial leading lady, Julie.
Debbie's husband Joe is recruited to help clearing the tunnel of mud; he informs Eddie, who insists in participating too.
Frank, a guard at the bank forced into retirement, helps by informing the robbers when there is a lot of money in the vault.
During the actual robbery, Eddie uses a gun to try to take all the money himself, but is overpowered by Max and is left behind in the vault.
As the three make their escape, Henry demands Joe stop the car.
Henry wishes Max well, and he then returns to Julie.
In September 1965, on the New England island called New Penzance, 12-year-old orphan Sam Shakusky is attending Camp Ivanhoe, a Khaki Scout summer camp led by Scoutmaster Randy Ward.
Suzy Bishop, also 12, lives on the island with her parents, Walt and Laura, both attorneys, and her three younger brothers in a house called Summer's End.
Sam and Suzy, both introverted, intelligent and mature for their age, met in the summer of 1964 during a church performance of Noye's Fludde and have been pen pals since then.
Their relationship having become romantic over the course of their correspondence, they have made a secret pact to reunite and run away together.
Sam brings camping equipment, and Suzy brings her binoculars, six books, her kitten, and her brother's battery-powered record player.
They hike, camp and fish together in the wilderness with the goal of reaching a secluded cove on the island.
They are confronted by a group of Khaki Scouts who try to capture them, and during the resulting altercation, Suzy injures the Scouts' de facto leader, Redford, with her scissors and Camp Ivanhoe's dog is killed by a stray shot from a bow and arrow wielded by one of the Scouts.
The Scouts flee and Sam and Suzy hike to the cove which they name Moonrise Kingdom.
They set up camp and go swimming.
Later, while drying off, they begin dancing to Françoise Hardy in their underwear.
As the romantic tension between them grows, they kiss repeatedly.
Suzy's parents, Scoutmaster Ward, the Scouts from Camp Ivanhoe, and Island Police Captain Duffy Sharp find Sam and Suzy in their tent at the cove.
Suzy's parents take her home and when Sharp contacts the foster parents he is told that they no longer wish to house Sam.
He stays with Sharp while they await the arrival of "Social Services"—an otherwise nameless woman with plans to place Sam in a "juvenile refuge" and to explore the possibility of treating him with electroshock therapy.
The Camp Ivanhoe Scouts have a change of heart and decide to help the couple.
Together, they paddle to a neighboring st Jack Wood Island to seek out the help of Cousin Ben, an older relative of one of the Scouts.
Ben works at Fort Lebanon, a larger Khaki Scout summer camp located on st Jack Wood Island and run by Commander Pierce, who is Ward's boss and views Ward as incompetent.
Ben decides that the best available option is to try to get Sam and Suzy aboard a crabbing boat anchored off the island so that Sam can work as a crewman and avoid Social Services, but before leaving he performs a "wedding" ceremony, which he admits is not legally binding.
Sam and Suzy never make it onto the crabbing boat, and instead are pursued by Suzy's parents, Captain Sharp, Social Services and the Scouts of Fort Lebanon under the command of Scoutmaster Ward, who displays great leadership after Commander Pierce is incapacitated.
A violent hurricane and flash flood strike only three days after Sam and Suzy first ran away from home and, after many twists and turns, Sharp apprehends Sam and Suzy on the steeple of the church in which they first met.
The steeple is destroyed by lightning, but everyone survives.
During the storm, Sharp decides to become Sam's legal guardian, thus saving Sam from the orphanage, as well as allowing him to remain on New Penzance Island and maintain contact with Suzy.
At Summer's End, Sam is painting a landscape of Moonrise Kingdom.
Suzy and her brothers are called to dinner.
On slipping out of the window to join Sharp in his patrol car, Sam tells Suzy that he will see her the following day.
Portrait painter and caricaturist David Grant (Ronald Colman), newly arrived in Greenwich Village, wishes Jean Newton (Ginger Rogers) good luck on a whim as they pass on the sidewalk.
When Jean delivers books, a woman makes her the gift of an expensive dress.
She is quarreling with her son-in-law, who had given the dress to his wife.
Believing David to be lucky, Jean asks him to partner with her on a ticket for the Irish Sweepstakes.
He agrees only on condition that, if their horse wins, she accompany him on a platonic trip to see the sights before she settles down to married life in Poughkeepsie, New York.
She and her fiance, Frederick "Freddie" Harper (Jack Carson), are dubious about the proposition, but he talks them into it.
When their $250 ticket is one of the few that draw a horse, its value shoots up.
Freddie wants to sell it, but the other two decide to try for the jackpot.
Their horse does not even place, but Freddie informs Jean afterward that he sold their half for $6000.
Outraged at his duplicity, she offers half the money to David.
He only accepts provided she keep their bargain.
Once again, he gets her to go against her better judgment.
They drive to Niagara Falls in a new car David has bought in Jean's name.
Freddie, suspicious of David's intentions, follows them there.
Even though he finds they have separate (though adjoining) hotel rooms and have registered as brother and sister, Freddie is not appeased.
Meanwhile, when David and Jean go dancing, they attract the attention of the Sylvesters, an older couple celebrating their 50th anniversary.
They persuade the couple to accompany them to their favorite spot, making David pick Jean up and carry her across a footbridge.
On the other side, David kisses Jean.
Later, realizing things have gone far beyond what he had intended, David checks out and drives off in the car.
He is stopped by a policeman and, when he admits the car is not his, taken to jail.
Jean becomes furious when she realizes he has gone.
Then, she and Freddie are also picked up by the police.
They are brought before a judge (Harry Davenport), and David is forced to admit under oath that he is really Paul Knight Somerset, a celebrated painter who disappeared three years ago after being imprisoned for drawing what was then deemed indecent illustrations for a book (now considered a classic).
The court reporters seize upon the story, and the courtroom is packed with the elite of society.
Both Jean and David act as their own counsels.
By questioning himself on the witness stand, David reveals he is genuinely in love with Jean, and the two are reconciled.
Wealthy publisher Anthony Mason (Ronald Colman) weds ditsy socialite Caroline (Anna Lee) who sees nothing wrong with chasing men even after her marriage.
Caroline flirts with Paco Del Valle (Gilbert Roland) while at a charity ball in Alpine Lodge, Idaho, and Paco then asks mr Bliss (Charles Winninger), her father, for permission to marry his daughter.
Bliss tells them they need to ask her husband, and Caroline and Paco telegraph Anthony in New York.
As the two reach the Idaho airport and are waiting for an eastbound plane, Mason has just himself arrived.
Seeing the two together, he recalls in an involved flashback sequence a nearly identical and complicated situation from two years earlier when his wife was enamored of sculptor Paul Martindale (Reginald Gardiner) in Palm Beach, Florida.
Returning to the present in Idaho, Caroline sees Mason's pilot carrying the bust of her that had been sculpted by Paul Martindale, and follows the pilot to where Mason was waiting.
Martindale, having himself been at the charity ball, finds himself to be a chance spectator of the reunion.
He proceeds to the airport terminal, where he joins Mason, Caroline, Bliss, and Del Valle.
Caroline blithely tells Mason that she cannot decide now between Del Valle and Martindale, forcing Anthony into a new set of situations where he has to work overtime to win her back.
Commander Key Weedon (Gig Young), a pilot with theS.
Navy, is sent to investigate when anOS.
emergency signal is spotted in the San Diego area near NAS North Island.
He discovers it is the doing of a six-year-old boy, Grover Martin, whose Uncle Simon (Red Buttons), an airline pilot, gave the boy a blinker light as a gift.
The child's mother, Amy (Shirley Jones), is an attractive widow, and Key develops an immediate interest in her.
Her three sons also enjoy the attention Key gives all of them.
Amy has a blind spot when it comes to naval officers, however, not wanting a permanent relationship with one because they are constantly on the move.
She had been a military child herself, and missed not having permanent "roots".
Sure enough, Key gets orders to go to Italy, so Amy refuses his marriage proposal, though they love each other.
Uncle Simon has a new treat for Grover and his brothers.
He ties them to helium balloons and flies them as one would a kite.
Unfortunately, Grover cuts his tether and he goes floating for miles over San Diego.
Large-scale rescue operations are quickly organized by the Navy, and it turns out to be Key himself who lowers himself on a rope ladder from a vy Navy blimp to rescue the boy.
A grateful Amy then decides that wherever he goes, Key is the man for her.
Sol (Balthazar Getty) is a loser, heading towards his 20s, and he hasn't had a romantic relationship with a woman in his entire life.
Sure, he's slept with lots of them, including the excruciatingly obnoxious Tammie (Tori Spelling).
But never anything more than a night.
Sol's roommate Justin (Jamie Kennedy) is about to get married.
He thinks he's happy, after being promoted from mailroom worker to the assistant of a snotty agent (Cheri Oteri).
The truth is, his wife (Natasha Gregson Wagner) is a real bitch.
But Sol hasn't given up, despite his parents' (Robert Wagner and Christina Pickles) insistence that he's next to nothing in the real world.
These days he's hunting for a job as an actor, even though his visiting friend Happy (Johnathon Schaech), a well-endowed cowboy who gets all the ladies, is finding more acting jobs than Sol while standing around.
Sol seems destined to fail, until his best female friend Chloe (Katharine Towne) decides to cheer him up.
Sol could find love if he was really looking for it.
But if his relationships are as successful as his job hunting, there probably isn't any hope at all.
In an interview with Xtranormal, J Roland Kelly describes the film as ".
basically this absurd, funny conversation between a guy and his girlfriend.
He tells her he fantasizes about her twin sister, but she doesn’t have a twin sister, so it’s just another way of fantasizing about her… and is she offended.
[It draws on] some La Nouvelle Vague & Mumblecore elements from the kind of films I was watching at the time".
Ann Barton (Laura La Plante), a girl from a once-wealthy family, must make a living by clerking in a cigar store.
There she meets and falls in love with James McDonald (Pat O'Malley), a cigar salesman.
She is then adopted by Margaret Wyndham (Hedda Hopper), her rich and aristocratic aunt, who disapproves of James due to his crude manners.
Wishing to break up the two, Aunt Margaret sends Ann away to finishing school.
In response, Ann acts out publicly and embarrasses her aunt.
In the meantime, James learns how to be a proper gentleman and wins her back through having learned good manners and a more dignified bearing.
On a ship sailing from England to India, Ann Church (Laura La Plante) meets young and dashing Major Anthony Seymour (Eugene O'Brien), falls in love and makes some innocent advances to gain his attentions.
Ann is 19, but looks 15.
The Major at first resists her advances because he believes she is that young, and later he holds back after learning that Ann's mother Muriel (Hedda Hopper) was a former girlfriend of his.
Another passenger, Gilchrist (Jean Hersholt) who is a cad, takes advantage of Ann's naiveté and places her in a compromising position.
To save her reputation, the Major proposes to Ann and she accepts.
When they arrive in Bombay, Gilchrist gets even by telling Ann that the Major had had an affair with her mother, causing Ann to break the engagement.
Angry, the Major follows Gilchrist off ship and thrashes him.
As she prepares to return alonne to England, the Major forces Gilchrist to admit to Ann that the relationship between the Major and Ann's mother was platonic and never romantic.
The young couple reunite and are later married at sea.
The film opens with Wesley Deeds (Tyler Perry), head of the family-owned Deeds Corporation, dressing for work.
His fiancée, Natalie (Gabrielle Union), fixes breakfast for him, noting his predictable routine.
Before work, Wesley picks up his delinquent younger brother, Walter (Brian White), who lost his driver’s license after a string of DUIs.
They have lunch with their mother, the respectable Wilimena Deeds (Phylicia Rashad).
After lunch, Wilimena meets Natalie, Natalie’s mother, and Natalie’s best friend at the bridal shop.
The two mothers urge Natalie to think about her future with Wesley.
On the impoverished side of town, Lindsey Wakefield (Thandie Newton), a single mother and cleaner for the Deeds Corporation, finds out she will be evicted if she doesn’t pay her bills soon.
Lindsey rushes to pick up her check from work and ends up parking in Wesley’s reserved spot, leaving her six-year-old daughter, Ariel (Jordenn Thompson), in the car.
Wesley and Walter find Ariel.
Lindsey returns to find her car towed and argues with the two men.
Lindsey takes Ariel to school, while Wesley has a meeting with his coworker and best friend, John (Eddie Cibrian), over acquiring a company Wesley's father has been competing against for years.
After work, Lindsey discovers she has been evicted.
Taking her belongings, she picks up Ariel from school and works another shift.
Ariel stays in a broom closet during the shift.
They then begin to live in their van.
Wesley sees them and decides to watch over them until Lindsey’s “boyfriend” comes for them.
Wesley takes Lindsey and Ariel out for pizza; the trio bonds.
Ariel’s teacher finds out Lindsey and Ariel are homeless and threatens to call child services.
Wesley struggles to expand the business while watching over Walter and developing a more complex love life with Natalie.
One night, Natalie returns drunk after a fashion show and tries to initiate sex with her fiance, but he rejects her.
After the child welfare agency takes Ariel, Wesley gives Lindsey a rent-free corporate apartment.
Lindsey regains custody of Ariel.
When Wesley reveals he has always wanted to ride a motorcycle, Lindsey rents one.
The pair ride across the countryside and stops by a pond, where they kiss.
Wesley admits he is engaged, and Lindsey leaves.
Deeds Corporation takes over the rival company, but Walter ruins the celebration with his outburst.
Lindsey attends the party to talk to Wesley, and Walter forces her to stay.
Walter suggests to Wilimena that Wesley and Lindsey are having an affair.
Wilimena hints to Lindsey that Wesley would not stay with someone poorer for long.
Natalie, Wesley, Walter, Wilimena, and Lindsey become trapped in an elevator after Wesley and Walter fight.
Natalie and Wilimena notice Lindsey reaching for Wesley's hand, which was injured in the fight.
Wesley visits Lindsey that night, but she rejects him.
Wesley and Natalie realize that, although they love each other, their marriage would not be happy because they are only together for their parents.
They announce their split at their engagement party.
Wesley also reveals he is quitting and traveling to see his old friends.
He hires John as the new CEO of Deeds.
Although initially angry, Walter accepts this.
Wesley tells Lindsey he is going to Nigeria and invites Lindsey and Ariel along.
Lindsey again rejects him.
Wesley boards his plane.
As the plane is taking off, he sees Lindsey and Ariel sitting across the aisle.
Wesley and Lindsey kiss, while Ariel looks on happily.
While having sex in the shower Pete reveals to his wife Debbie that he took a Viagra given to him by his friend Barry (Rob Smigel); this enrages Debbie and they stop.
Debbie is angered that she is turning 40.
In the five years since Knocked Up, Debbie owns a boutique with Desi (Megan Fox) and Jodi (Charlyne Yi) working for her.
Pete owns his own record label, with his friends Ronnie (Chris O'Dowd) and Cat (Lena Dunham) working with him.
Pete's business is struggling financially as he promotes the reunion of Graham Parker & The Rumour.
The couple also are having to deal with their daughters; Sadie, a young teenager, and eight-year-old Charlotte.
For Debbie's birthday, the couple goes on a romantic weekend to a resort.
There they get high from eating marijuana cookies, and fantasize out loud about ways they would kill each other.
After speaking with her friends Jason (Jason Segel) and Barb (Annie Mumolo), Debbie decides to improve her marriage and family through exercise, and becoming more connected with her parents.
Debbie tells Pete that he needs to stop lending his dad, Larry (Albert Brooks), money, because it is hurting them financially.
Pete goes to visit him, but is unsuccessful at giving him the news, and still agrees to give him money.
Meanwhile, Debbie visits her gynecologist (Tim Bagley), and discovers that she is pregnant.
She decides not to tell Pete about this.
Later, she yells at a student, Joseph (Ryan Lee), who has been taunting Sadie.
She yells at him so much that his mother, Catherine (Melissa McCarthy), gets into an argument with Pete.
They later have a meeting with the principal, but the couple denies everything that happened.
The couple is overjoyed when Catherine starts using the same language they used previously and the principal dismisses them.
One night between the school taunting sequences, Debbie takes Desi out dancing at a club, planning to confront her with her suspicions that she has been stealing money from the store.
Debbie and Desi meet several players from the Philadelphia Flyers hockey team at the pub.
Debbie awkwardly finds out that one of the players wants to hang out with her and possibly sleep with her.
She is proud that he wants to have sex with her, but admits that she is married, has two kids, and is pregnant.
Afterwards, Debbie drops Desi off at her house and confronts her about the missing money.
Desi reveals she is able to afford nice things because she is also an escort.
Later, Debbie meets up with Jodi, who confesses that she stole the money to buy Oxycontin.
Debbie fires her and leaves.
Meanwhile, Pete and Debbie are having to deal with Sadie and Charlotte fighting all the time, which results in arguments between the family.
On Pete's 40th birthday party, he argues with his dad about the money he wants from them.
Debbie argues with her dad about not spending enough much time in her life, and how his is perfect.
Oliver then explains that his life is not perfect, and how he has always cared about her and loved her.
Later, Pete overhears Debbie talking about her pregnancy, and rides out of the house on his bicycle in anger.
Debbie and Larry then go after Pete, trying to find him.
Soon, they find that he wrecked after hitting his head on a car door.
Pete then gets into an argument with the driver of the car who then punches him in the stomach.
Debbie and Larry take Pete to the hospital, where Larry and Debbie reconcile, with Larry advising Debbie that it's because of her, that she keeps the family together.
Debbie and Pete talk later and Pete explains that he is actually thrilled about having a third baby, and that he doesn't feel trapped, so the two reconcile.
Sometime later, Pete and Debbie are watching a small concert with Ryan Adams performing.
Debbie then suggests that Pete should sign him to his label and plan to talk to him as they finish watching the show.
After the main credits roll, there's an extended alternate take of Catherine ad-libbing insults during the conversation with Debbie, Pete, and the principal.
In New York City, a news report is broadcast informing the world that a mission to stop an incoming asteroid has failed, and that the asteroid will make impact in three weeks, destroying all life on Earth.
Dodge Petersen (Steve Carell) and his wife Linda (Nancy Carell) listen to the broadcast from the side of the road.
When Dodge makes an uninterested response, Linda looks at him in disgust and flees the vehicle without a word.
While everyone around him reacts differently to the news—from suicide to constant drugs and guilt-free sex—Dodge's life does not change at all.
He continues to attend to his meaningless job as an insurance salesman, still employs his cleaning lady and spends his nights alone.
Dodge hesitantly attends the wild party of his neighbors, Warren (Rob Corddry) and his wife Diane (Connie Britton), where he declines offers of sex and drugs and listens to a philosophical rant from his drunken friend Roache (Patton Oswalt).
Dodge shortly returns home to reminisce about his high school sweetheart, Olivia, when he notices his neighbor Penny (Keira Knightley) crying on the fire escape.
She has just broken up with her boyfriend Owen (Adam Brody) for making her miss her last opportunity to see her family in England.
At her apartment, Penny gives Dodge three years' worth of his mail that was incorrectly delivered to her and in the process unwittingly tells him that his wife was having an affair.
Dodge storms off into the night, guzzling codeine-laced cough syrup and window cleaner in a suicide attempt.
He wakes up in a park, with a dog tethered to his foot and a note on his sweater reading "Sorry", which becomes the dog's name.
Dodge takes Sorry home, opens the old mail, and is surprised to discover a three-month-old letter from Olivia, which explains that he was "the love of her life".
Later, a riot breaks out on his block.
Dodge and Penny abandon the self-centered Owen amidst the rioters, with Dodge explaining to Penny that he knows someone who could fly her to England if she helps him find Olivia.
She agrees and the two set off with Sorry for Dodge's hometown in Delaware.
Along the way, Dodge and Penny run out of gas, share a bizarre experience with suicidal motorist Glenn (William Petersen), witness the eruption of an orgy at a restaurant, have sex in a pick-up truck, and spend a night in jail.
They get a ride to Camden, New Jersey, where they meet Penny's ex-boyfriend Speck (Derek Luke), who is prepared for the apocalypse.
Speck has a working satellite phone in his bunker, and lets Penny contact her family.
Penny and Dodge borrow a car of Speck's and eventually make it to Olivia's family home.
Dodge and Penny walk up toward the door of the home, but find no one home and spend the day together, during which they realize mutual affection.
Penny discovers a letter from Olivia to her parents, which reveals Olivia's address.
Penny and Dodge drive to Olivia's home, where Dodge leaves a letter to Olivia and expresses his feelings for Penny.
Later, they discover a marriage ceremony performed at the beach; Dodge and Penny kiss and join the ceremony.
Afterward, they go to the house of the man who Dodge promised could take Penny to England.
This man turns out to be Dodge's estranged father, Frank (Martin Sheen).
After making amends with Frank, Dodge puts a sleeping Penny into his father's plane, whispering to her that she is the real love of his life.
Frank and Penny depart, leaving Dodge behind.
Dodge returns to his apartment with Sorry; they soon enter Penny's apartment, where Dodge sets a record in her turntable and listens until the power dies.
Lighting a candle, Dodge hears Sorry whining—Penny has returned, upset that Dodge allowed her to leave; they embrace.
As the two lie in bed, Penny expresses her fear of the end being so near.
Dodge distracts her by asking her to tell him of her childhood.
They feel and hear a deep booming sound, and Penny tells Dodge she wishes they had known each other sooner.
Dodge replies that there never would have been enough time together, and professes his love for her.
When they feel and hear a second deep, booming sound, Penny panics, telling him she thought they would save each other, and Dodge assures her they did.
Finally, Penny smiles as the screen fades to white—everything is gone.
Maisie Ravier (Ann Sothern) loses her job as an assistant in Horatio Curley's dog act as a result of a minor quarrel with test pilot "Breezy" McLaughlin (James Craig).
Breezy gets Curley a job at the Victory Aircraft factory where he works and offers to use his influence on Maisie's behalf too.
However, she insists she can get a job there on her own merits.
She lands on the swing shift at the factory.
Breezy does, however, get her a room at the boarding house owned by Maw Lustvogel (Connie Gilchrist).
Despite her initial dislike for him, Maisie starts falling in love.
Maisie stops a suicide attempt by failed actress Iris Reed (Jean Rogers), who lives across the hall, and persuades her to get a job in the same place.
Her kindness backfires on her when Breezy is more attracted to Iris.
The two soon become engaged.
When Breezy gets his wish to join the United States Army Air Forces, he asks Maisie to look after Iris while he is away being trained.
Maisie finds this a difficult task, as Iris turns out to like men altogether too much.
When Iris gets fired, she uses her feminine charms to get Judd Evans, a factory clerk, to pay the rent for an apartment in his building.
She skips out without paying Maw the back rent she owes, even though Maisie gives her $20 to do so, and she has just received a $100 money order from Breezy.
Maisie finds Judd comforting Iris after another "suicide attempt".
She orders Iris to tell Breezy that she no longer loves him when he comes home on leave to marry her.
However, Iris secretly accuses Maisie of suspicious behavior to the factory's security department.
While Maisie is being questioned, Iris and Breezy drive to Yuma, Arizona to get married.
Maisie cleverly confesses to being a saboteur and implicates Iris and Breezy as fellow agents.
They are stopped by the police, but let go after Breezy produces his identification.
However, Breezy learns that Maisie is being held, even though Iris told him that she left to attend the funeral of an aunt.
Having learned of Iris's shady character, Breezy goes back to Maisie.
She is initially unwilling to take him back, but eventually gives in.
A nurse, Katie (Jane Greer), must decide whether she should marry for love or money.
She is pursued by Tony, a wealthy but irresponsible sportsman, and Jeff, a handsome, if conventional, doctor.
Tony's ex-wife complicates matters.
Jason (an advertising executive) and Julie (a charitable investment advisor), longtime best friends now in their mid-30s live in the same building in Manhattan.
Not romantically involved, they are close friends with two childless married couples, the placid Alex and Leslie and the sex-obsessed Ben and Missy.
During the next four years, after both couples have children, their marriages suffer.
Following a chaotic birthday party for Jason at Alex and Leslie's place in Brooklyn, Jason and Julie discuss how it would be better to have children first, to 'get it out of the way' since 'time is running out', and only then meet the person that you wanted to marry.
After more discussion, they decide to have a child together, despite never having had romantic feelings for each other, and then to continue to date other people, to find 'their one'.
Although their friends predict disaster, Jason and Julie adjust to their new relationship with baby Joe far better than their friends had imagined.
Jason and Julie begin dating again and enter into budding relationships with young actress Mary Jane and divorced father Kurt, respectively.
During a couples winter getaway in Vermont, Ben calls Jason and Julie's thought process and parenting skills into question.
In the ensuing argument, Ben decries their arrangement as untenable in the long term and humiliates Missy.
Jason defends his decision to have a child with Julie, saying that he loves her deeply and that she was the soundest choice of person for him to start a family with.
After returning from Vermont, Ben and Missy separate and later divorce.
Shortly thereafter, at Julie's birthday dinner out (about 18 months after Joe's birth), Jason is surprised to find that she invited only him.
Julie tells him that Kurt wants her to meet his children that weekend but that this new degree of commitment has made her realize that she is in love with Jason, who, along with Joe, have become her closest family.
A stunned Jason tells Julie that his love for her has never been romantic and has asked Mary Jane to move in with him.
Heartbroken, Julie leaves the restaurant, and soon moves out of her Manhattan apartment to Brooklyn, putting some space between herself and Jason.
A few months thereafter, Jason and Mary Jane break up over their differing feelings about children, and both Julie and Jason return to dating others.
Several months later, at a bar with Ben, Jason confides that he does have feelings for Julie, but that their messy split makes acting on such feelings impossible.
Ben disagrees, noting the differences between his and Missy's sex-based relationship and Jason and Julie's long-lasting friendship.
Shortly before Julie's next birthday, after dropping 2-1/2-year-old Joe off at Julie's house after a day out, Jason presents her with a present: a photo scrapbook of the couple, and then the three of them (that he'd made for her birthday prior, but she never received due to their abrupt parting), consistent with Julie's prior statement that Jason and Joe were her family.
They reminisce over several of the photos and then put Joe to bed, after Jason says a few things about 'staying the night' (as Joe wants him to).
Jason's emotional shift and words make Julie emotional and uncomfortable, so she sends Jason home.
He leaves, but quickly returns, and tells her what he said to her a year ago was all wrong.
He finally realized it—she is the love of his life, she is his 'person', "and that's just the way it is".
She tells him she can't be with someone who isn't 'into' her, and he, after a passionate kiss, offers to have sex with her to prove he is into her, in every possible way.
She accepts his offer, passionately kisses him back, and they tumble onto her bed.
Andy Hardy (Mickey Rooney) is upset that his girlfriend, Polly Benedict (Ann Rutherford), had fallen for Ensign Charles Copley (Robert Kent).
Soon, Andy develops a crush on his drama teacher.
After Andy's play is chosen for the school's annual production, he seizes the opportunity to spend time with his spring time crush.
Andy's dad, Judge Hardy (Lewis Stone), knows that his son is destined for heartache, but he decides to let Andy find out for himself how young love can be.
Best friends Dog (Chico Benymon) and Beaver (Leonard Robinson) have difficulty ever meeting women.
No matter what they do, nothing ever goes right for them.
That all changes when the best friend Too Cool (Wesley Jonathan) invites them to try out a round of speed dating.
As described in a film magazine, George Travelwell (Fairbanks), an American youth motoring in Morocco, discovers that the governor of El Harib (Campeau) has seized a young American woman for his harem.
Disguised as an inmate of the harem, George nearly wrecks the place while he rescues her.
One thrilling incident follows upon the heels of another in their attempts to get away, and it ends with him setting one tribe against another, leaving them free to peacefully ride away.
Filmmaker Jason (Garikayi Mutambirwa) is shooting a movie featuring Zack (Chris Salvatore).
Upon learning of a drama camp owned by Dick Dickey (Drew Droege), the pair apply along with Zack's boyfriend Casey (Daniel Skelton).
Their applications are all successful and the group travel to the drama camp.
At camp they meet Benji (Aaron Milo) an attractive camper whom insists that he is not gay, Penny (Lilach Mendelovich) a sweet camp help who is an aspiring actress, Lily (Harmony Santana) a headstrong trans woman, and Genieveve (Marikah Cunningham) a rich and untalented actress who likes Benji.
At orientation Dick enforces a no sex rule at the camp - much due to Dick himself not having had sex for 7 and a half years.
Jason confronts Benji about his sexuality who admits he is gay, but is lying due to his attraction to Zack despite him being in a relationship with Casey.
Benji and Zack continue to bond, including Zack choosing to be partners with Benji instead of Casey during a class taught by Tiffani (Rebekah Kochan), resulting in Zack and Casey beginning to drift from one another.
Casey becomes suspicious of Benji's sexuality when he refuses to kiss Genevieve in a class, and so enlists the help of Penny to help.
The pair stumble upon Conor (Steven Daigle) about to engage in sex with another camper and blackmail him into a trap to find if Benji is gay, however this fails.
Meanwhile, Jason begins to produce a rendition of The Taming of the Shrew.
He casts Zack and Benji in the leading roles, in which they share a kiss, and Lilly in the lead female role.
Lilly, at first happy, gets mixed messages about Jason's personal feelings for her.
As rehearsals begin Casey becomes increasingly dissatisfied with his relationship with Zack, leading to Penny secretly rubbing Zack with poison oak so he can not rehearse.
Casey stands in for Zack, and is shocked to find Benji becomes sexually aroused during their kiss.
At first worried, Casey decides he and Zack are not meant to be together and the pair agree to break up, with Casey encouraging Zack to ask out Benji.
However Benji reveals to Zack he had been lying about his sexuality from the beginning, upsetting Zack.
As the night of the show arrives, the group do their final rehearsals.
Lilly becomes enraged with Jason for not telling her if he likes her and angrily leaves.
Jason chases after her before Zack and Benji rehearse their kissing scene.
This quickly leads to the pair undressing one another with the encouragement of Casey who is attempting to get the right chemistry between the actors for the show.
Dick discovers Zack and Benji and mistakes them for having sex and expels them from the camp.
Realizing it is his fault, Casey asks Penny for help.
They enlist the help of Conor once more who has sex with Dick in his office, loud enough for the whole camp to hear.
After this Dick accepts sex in the camp and allows Zack and Benji to perform.
During the debut performance, Lilly breaks character and forces Jason to tell her if she likes him.
He eventually admits he does and the pair make-out on stage.
Zack and Benji make up and start a relationship before beginning to make out too.
Off stage Casey is happy to see Zack and Benji together, before he bumps into fellow camper Beau (Ronnie Kroell) who offers to be Casey's rebound.
Casey agrees and all three pairs stumble on stage together before the curtain closes on the show.
Dick awards the group with the best show and the prize of a vacation.
Shortly after the new couples leave the drama camp.
Mark, a Wall Street financial broker, falls in love with a French actress at first sight, due to her resembling a Vermeer painting, and then proceeds to follow her from room to room in a museum.
The broker goes up to the actress, Anna, and introduces himself which spawns a romantic relationship.
Anna lives with two roommates — a wealthy woman and a female opera singer.
As the relationship evolves, Mark dies from a cerebral hemorrhage while calling Anna.
The film ends with Anna going into a Vermeer painting.
Fraternal twin brothers meet a childhood crush at a rundown hotel and rediscover their love as they renew their competition for her affection.
Henry Pepper (Brian Aherne), top writer for Knickerbocker magazine, is assigned to write a profile on Carol Ainsley (Rosalind Russell), who has been named the outstanding career woman of the year.
Carol, a super agent and star-maker, has just scooped her competition by selling the movie rights to the romance novel Whirlwind and is spending a fortune to find the perfect actor to play the male lead.
When Carol learns that the book's author, Anthony Street, may be the man to play his own hero, she searches him out and discovers that he is actually Professor Michael Cobb (Willard Parker) of Buxton College.
Although handsome and blonde, the professor is an intellectual snob immersed in Elizabethan literature, and consequently, is horrified when he is exposed as the writer of a romance novel.
While at Buxton, Carol gets Michael in trouble with the faculty and convinces him to accompany her to New York.
There she takes over his life, arranging for lessons in comportment and charm.
Michael is a failure at speaking the romantic words he wrote, however, and after his screen test proves a dismal failure, he decides to return to Buxton.
Henry, meanwhile, has become intrigued by Carol and has decided that she would be terrific if she developed her human side more.
Intending to see if she has anything other than a dollar sign for a heart, Henry contacts Michael and convinces the professor that he is in love with Carol.
While radiating the charm and assurance that Carol has taught him, Michael begins to court her.
Their courtship becomes headline news, and although she is not in love with him, Carol is afraid to tell him the truth for fear that he might walk out on his contract.
Henry is thoroughly enjoying Carol's predicament until he kisses her and begins to fall in love with her himself.
When Carol tries to trick Michael into going to Hollywood while she takes refuge at her father's house in Washington,C, Michael outsmarts her, follows her home and announces their engagement.
Thus trapped, Carol agrees to the marriage.
On the eve of the wedding, the guests are socializing in the various rooms of the Ainsley house when Carol, angry at Henry for agreeing to be the best man, goes to his room to confront him.
After Henry insults Carol and accuses her of being only a "ten percent woman," she slaps him, runs into the hallway and announces that she is calling off the wedding because she is not in love with Michael and refuses to be married just for the sake of business.
Henry listens to her speech in admiration, and when she finishes, she rushes into his arms.
Sur le rythme is a romantic comedy about the world of dance.
Delphine Lamarre (Mylène Saint-Sauveur) a 20 years old student has to choose between medicine, her parents' (Paul Doucet and Marina Orsini) wish, and her dreams of a career in dancing.
Capt.
Dike Conger and M/Sgt.
"Three Star" Hennessy are sent with their new light tank for tests against horse cavalry under desert conditions.
In an extended hell for leather race amongst a variety of obstacles, their tank wins against Col.
Armstrong's 31st Cavalry.
During this period the Colonel's daughter Julie masquerades as a Southern Belle with no connection with the army to date Dike who vows to have nothing to do with Army Girls; the daughters of officers or soldiers.
Enjoying each other's company Dike discovers that Julie is actually the Colonel's daughter but has fallen in love with her.
Due to the tank winning the competition, Army Headquarters orders that Captain Dike Conger take over the command of the 31st Cavalry from the kindly old Colonel Armstrong.
Though Julie and the officers and troopers of the Regiment despise Dike for doing this, the gentlemanly Colonel Armstrong suggests a scheme to win his Regiment over; the Colonel and Dike swap mounts.
However, in a wild ride inside the tank both the Colonel and "Three Star" are killed when the tank goes out of control.
Dike is court martialled but all discover an unsavoury truth.
Written by Samuel Hoffenstein and Elizabeth Reinhardt, the film is about a young girl who visits New York City to see her half-brother, and to try to start a music career.
As described in a film magazine, George MacFarland (Reid) makes a bet with two of his friends that, having committed a forgery, he will be able to elude the officers of the law for one year.
As his friends are very thorough, he does not find it an easy matter getting around town.
He finally goes to a small town in the west where he lives unmolested for eleven months.
On a hunting expedition he meets Dolly Kamman (Little), daughter of Sheriff Kamman (Beery), who takes George to meet her father.
As Dolly has fallen in love with George's photograph, he is a somewhat privileged prisoner.
On the day the bet is off George hears that his friends have drowned and he is sure he is to be sent to Sing Sing.
The arrival of the boys, however, changes things, and in addition to being set free George wins Dolly.
Joan Barclay as Betsy Cummings takes a job as a secretary, using the alias “Mary Layton”, only to find that her Father (Forrest Taylor as Jerry Cummings) is being cheated by his brokers, Monte Blue as Crone and Jack Mulhall as Jan Jaffin.
She steals the diamond, worth fifty thousand dollars, her Father used as collateral for a loan, which the brokers plan to cheat him out of; and, the chase is on, with the crooked loan sharks and police after her.
Bruce Bennett (Billed as Herman Brix, one of the movie serials “Tarzans”) as Jimmy Baxter, an honest but broke artist, hides her as a mannequin, and helps her get away, in a stolen car.
They just have to keep ahead of everyone after them, until her Father can get back, if he can get back, with the brokers’ crooked henchmen trying to stop him.
Out of luck and almost out of time, they all end up in front of a Justice of the Peace, who tries to fathom out the facts, and whether to jail the pair or marry them, before his dinner gets cold.
Nazi Spies Mistake Snuffy Smith's moonshine for a new secret rocket fuel and try to steal the "formula".
Distracted by taking her antidepressants, Nicole (Sanchez-Gijon) causes an accident with Sasha (Muccino), who's just left a communal home for the families of drug addicts.
Despite the circumstances of their meeting, the pair become friends and Sasha seeks Nicole's help in pursuing his love interest, Bendetta (Crescentini).
Despite her beauty, Bendetta is the spoiled daughter of Sasha's patron, Riccardo (Colangeli) She appears to spend much of her time abusing alcohol, surrounded by like-minded rich youth that also delve into cocaine.
Sasha is then approached by a former acquaintance, former addict, Fabrizio (Mazzotta) who is looking for money to participate in an upcoming poker game.
Sasha decides to get involved in the game himself.
He scores big and adapts to the gambler's lifestyle, gaining respect from Bendetta's spoiled friends.
Meanwhile Nicole's life continues to unravel, racked by feelings of guilt over the death of her former lover ten years earlier.
She even visit's the forgiving mother (Chaplin) of her former lover.
She also looks for escape from her passionless marriage and looks towards Sasha.
On Rapunzel and Eugene Fitzherbert's wedding day, Pascal and Maximus (the ring bearers) accidentally lose the wedding rings at the start of the wedding ceremony.
Eventually, they retrieve the rings in time for the end of the wedding ceremony, but along the way, cause immense collateral damage and get themselves dirty (after landing in a tar factory).
The happy couple finally get married, only for Pascal and Maximus to accidentally lose the wedding cake.
Margaret Delafield, a rich elderly lady and widow of Spaulding 'Spud' Delafield (an unseen character),is rushed to hospital.
She is not expected to survive, and her two sons and daughter gathering at her bedside are more concerned with their expected inheritance.
Her doctor, Dr Marvin Elias, encourages her to fight.
Margaret makes a full recovery and returns home to a welcome party for family and friends.
Her sons Horton and Chipper and daughter Doreen are concerned that Margaret and Marvin seem to be spending more time together than might be expected for a doctor/patient relationship.
They are devastated when Margaret and Marvin announce their impending wedding, and see their inheritance slipping away.
They try to persuade her to change her mind, and Marvin's children are equally doubtful.
Margaret's favourite church refuses to perform a mixed marriage (Marvin is Jewish) and Marvin's rabbi is equally unwilling.
They decide on a small country church and invite all family and friends.
The wedding is a mixture of Jewish and Christian symbolism, with a monastic chorus, harp music and medieval minstrels.
The families are reconciled and the newlyweds leave for a honeymoon in Hawaii.
The goings-on are observed by George, Margaret's neighbour and best friend, who breaks the fourth wall to comment on proceedings.
In 2011, João "Zero", a bitter but brilliant physicist, spends his days brooding over a fateful night 20 years before when he was publicly betrayed and humiliated at a college party by his then-girlfriend, Helena.
He now heads one of the largest scientific projects in Brazil, but his eccentricities and tantrums have brought him to the verge of being fired by his former college roommate and current sponsor, Sandra, although she still believes in his project, and tries to defend him.
Aided by his best friend and fellow scientist, Otávio, João turns on the unfinished machine he has developed that was supposed to ensure his wealth as well as a new source of sustainable energy.
Entering the machine, he thinks of the night when Helena humiliated him.
To his surprise, the reaction caused by the machine opens a bridge to the past, leading him to the year 1991.
In 1991, a confused João wakes up and tries to go to his apartment, but finds that the key does not match.
Upon asking the date to a stranger, the realizes that he has traveled through time.
He goes to the party, where he sees his younger self having sex with Helena, after of which she tells him that she loves him.
After she leaves to sing on stage, the future João tells his younger self that he will invent a time machine, and he has come back to fix things.
They find the young Otávio, and the future João tells them future technical and political events, so they will have money for the rest of their lives.
After this, João tells his younger self that Helena's ex-boyfriend, Ricardo, will bring her champagne with a drug, and due to the effects, she will humiliate him on stage, by putting honey and feathers on him.
After this, Helena will go with Ricardo to Spain, becoming a model and never seeing João again.
The young João meets up with Helena, and tells her not to drink Ricardo's champagne.
She doesn't, and an excited João tells her that he's going to be rich, and they will be together for the rest of their lives.
The future João, watching the scene, disappears.
João wakes up in an alternate 2011 in which he is rich, but is not married to Helena.
He learns that with his knowledge of the future, he founded the "Man From The Future" company; however, he has betrayed Otávio, divorced four times, and put Helena in jail after she was discovered holding a bag of his cocaine.
He explains to Otávio that he is the João from the original timeline in the body of his new-timeline-self.
After this, he has Helena released, and he donates to her all of his belongings.
He reinstalls the time machine, dresses up as a spaceman, and then travels back to 1991.
In 1991, the João in the spaceman suit finds the original-future João and the young João in their meeting; this last one faints of the impression.
The spaceman-João tries to convince the original-future João that he must live his life normally, but the original-future João refuses.
The spaceman-João holds him at gunpoint, and makes him leave and let the original events of the night unfold.
However, they are both encountered by the alternate-future Otávio, who traveled back in time after João left the alternate 2011.
Meanwhile, the young Otávio meets with Helena, disregarding his meeting with his other selves as a dream, and Ricardo approaches them with the champagne.
João, however, is the one who drinks it, and he becomes drugged.
The original-future João and alternate-future Otávio, wanting to change events, tie the spaceman-João in a separate location, in where he meets the young Sandra, to whom he proves he is from the future by showing her his iPhone and having her record a video.
She unties him.
The original-future João and alternate-future Otávio find the Helena and the drugged João, and hold them at gunpoint.
They bring them where the spaceman-João is, and since he has been untied, he knocks out Otávio, and ties the original-future João.
The spaceman-João then tells Helena to leave the young João, become a model, and meet him again 20 years in the future.
They bring the young João on stage, in which he is put honey and feathers, humiliated, and given the nickname "Zero".
The alternate-future Otávio disappears, as well as the original-future João and spaceman-João.
In 2011, after João enters the time machine and disappears, the spaceman João emerges, and destroys the source code of the time machine.
He explains to a shocked Otávio that he has traveled through time, but the machine is too dangerous.
He then shows him the video of the young Sandra, to prove his words.
He leaves, and via Twitter he communicates with Helena, and they happily meet in an airport, where she fires Ricardo after 20 years of working with him.
A year later, João is found not guilty of destroying a science project.
After exiting the courthouse, they meet with Sandra.
At this point, it is revealed that before Sandra untied him in 1991, he told her to invest in Google and sponsor in João's projects, meaning that this timeline was the original one all along.
Knowing that they have money for the rest of their lives, Helena and João look ahead to a better life, although Helena tells João that he "cheated".
The film starts in a rundown office with a marriage counselor (Candace Coke) counseling a young married couple, Bradley (Zach Sale) and Lisa (Andrea Moore).
After the husband walks out of the room, not wanting to participate, the marriage counselor notices a change within the wife's demeanor.
The marriage counselor can tell that she has met someone else and decides to tell her a story about her sister, Judith.
We then go back in time, where Judith and her childhood sweetheart Brice are growing up through the years together, as soulmates.
The two later get married and move to Washington,C.
to start their own life together.
Judith (Jurnee Smollett-Bell) becomes a therapist, working at a matchmaking agency owned by Janice (Vanessa Williams) and Brice (Lance Gross) works as a pharmacist.
While at work, Brice meets another employee, Melinda (Brandy Norwood).
Melinda reveals she is on the run from an abusive ex-boyfriend.
Judith is dissatisfied with her job and anxious to start her own marriage counseling business, but Brice tells her to wait until they are more financially stable.
Brice decides to take Judith out for dinner at a "$599 buffet".
Judith becomes upset with Brice, when he refuses to confront a group of men who catcall her on their way home from dinner.
Judith meets Harley (Robbie Jones) at work.
Harley, a wealthy Internet entrepreneur who wants to invest in Janice's business, attempts to seduce Judith as they work late on matchmaking surveys.
When Harley questions the absence of sex in the surveys, Judith says she does not believe in premarital sex.
Harley says Judith's sex life is boring.
Judith, now questioning her sex life with Brice, tries to improve it, but fails.
Judith changes her hair and makeup for her birthday and Brice fails to notice the change or remember her birthday.
At work, Judith receives flowers that she believes are from Brice.
Harley appears and notes her change in appearance -- the flowers are actually from him.
Harley claims he is willing to do anything to be near her.
At home, Judith leaves a cupcake with a candle in it on the counter.
Realizing his mistake, Brice dances and sings in a cowboy outfit for her.
The two make up.
Janice sends Judith to New Orleans with Harley to finalize a deal with shareholders, telling her to flirt with Harley, but also to be careful.
Judith's coworker, Ava (Kim Kardashian), gives Judith a makeover.
In New Orleans, Judith and Harley complete the business deal and go dancing and sightseeing.
On the way home, Harley seduces Judith and they have sex in his private jet.
He takes her home and meets Judith's mother, Miss Sarah (Ella Joyce).
Unhappy with Brice's inattentiveness, Judith sneaks out to meet Harley and they have sex again.
He demands that she leave Brice and offers to help with her business.
When she feels like she shouldn't, Harley tells her to leave and she becomes upset and starts throwing drink and food at him.
Back at home, Judith and her mother Sarah get into an argument, which leads to Sarah slapping Judith and leaving.
Judith rufuses to tell talk to Brice about their argument and goes to take a shower.
She later leaves him to be with Harley.
Janice fires Judith after finding out about her and Harley's plans, and the two have a falling out.
Brice discovers Judith is having an affair and heads to Harley's party.
Brice drags Judith outside and begs her to return to him, but Judith chooses to stay with Harley.
Brice goes over to Melinda's place where she comforts him and encourages him that things will get better.
Judith returns to the apartment she shared with Brice to pick up a laptop and becomes surrounded by her mother and church members' prayer circle.
Sarah grabs Judith, trying to prevent her from leaving.
Harley knocks Sarah down and forces Judith to leave.
At Harley's, Judith is outraged by his treatment of her mother and after a heated argument, Harley begins to beat her, after she attempts to leave.
Brice has dinner with Melinda.
She reveals she contracted HIV from her ex, who is revealed to be Harley.
Brice breaks into Harley's place with Melinda and finds Judith in the bathroom bloody and bruised.
After taking Judith to his truck, Brice goes back into the house and begins to beat Harley until stopped by Melinda.
As Harley regains consciousness, he calls out to Melinda, whose real name is Karen.
Brice threatens him to stay away from both Karen and Judith and they leave him, laying on the floor beaten and still semi-conscious.
Cut back to present day, the marriage counselor has finished the story and Lisa wonders how the story ends.
The marriage counselor tells her that Judith contracted HIV as well, but not Brice.
Lisa thanks the marriage counselor and decides to stay with her husband.
The marriage counselor (revealed to be an older Judith) then goes to the pharmacy to get her medicine from Brice.
After they speak, a woman and a little boy walk into the pharmacy, revealed to be Brice's new wife and child, making it clear things didn't work out between the two.
Judith (in sorrow) then walks out of the pharmacy and heads to church, to meet with her mother as the credits start rolling.
In a post-apocalyptic future, a male zombie still in the early stages of decay lives in a community of the Dead in an abandoned airport near the city.
He refers to himself as “R” since he cannot remember his full name, among other details of his life.
R reveals through first person narrative that human civilization has been destroyed by wars and disasters, resulting in a mysterious zombie plague.
Now whole communities of zombies live in hives, and are separated into two categories based on the amount of decay: Fleshies, the Dead who still have flesh on them, and Boneys, the Dead who have been reduced to nothing more than skeletons with bits of muscle keeping them together.
The Boneys are basically the leaders of the Dead, and are seemingly stronger and more intelligent than Fleshies.
They can only be killed if their brains are destroyed.
The zombies are very lethargic for the most part, have limited speech and short memories, and are notably illiterate.
They live in what is a mere, twisted shadow of a normal society.
One of the few times they are truly focused and animated is when they go hunting for the Living, their only food source, during which they spontaneously form a hunting party.
The brain is the best part, because if they eat it, then they can relive the memories, feelings, and thoughts of their prey.
Anything that’s left of the prey is brought back for the others to eat.
R is portrayed as unusual, since he not only contains more empathy and intuition than his fellow Dead, but is also able to express it better than most of them despite being Dead.
He openly shows distaste for eating human flesh, and is the only zombie there who is able to form four, coherent syllables in one breath.
After a hunt, he meets a zombie woman, and they quickly become girlfriend and boyfriend.
She takes him to church where a Bony preacher sees them, and marries them on impulse.
The next day, R and his new wife are presented with two Dead children.
Seeing them try to play like Living children depresses R, and he is gripped with a feeding frenzy.
He leads a hunting party to the city where they find a group of young adults scavenging supplies.
Attacking with unusual energy, R feeds on the brain of a young man named Perry.
After experiencing his memories, R sees Perry’s girlfriend Julie, and in a moment of mercy, saves her from the others.
He disguises her scent with zombie blood, and takes her home where he hides her in a 747 airplane.
The airplane is R’s “house” where he can have some privacy, and hoard the interesting objects he finds.
He slowly gains Julie’s trust, and convinces her to stay for a while until the others forget about her (though in reality, he just really likes her).
Throughout the week, R feeds her food from the airport’s restaurant, entertains her with his treasures, including a record player, and Julie tries to teach him to drive a car which R has managed to get started.
She also tells him a little bit about her life.
In time, R begins feeling guilty over killing Perry, which is made worse since Julie doesn’t know it was him, and is giving him the benefit of the doubt.
Despite his guilt, R continues eating the remains of Perry’s brain, seeing it as a rare treasure.
One night, R eats the last of the brain, and experiences the last of Perry’s memories.
When he begins to witness Perry’s death however, R’s thoughts interrupt the scene in an attempt to halt it.
To his shock, memory pauses, and Perry scolds him, telling him to let Perry have this memory.
R complies, and the memory plays through.
After it ends, R falls asleep.
When he awakens, Julie is being attacked by several zombies, including M, and R helps her fend them off.
M is confused and angry by R’s behavior, but R holds his ground.
Suddenly, some Boneys arrive.
Although they do not attack, one of them shows R some old photos of Dead and Living fighting each other, telling him that they need to maintain the status quo.
They leave along with the rest, and R takes Julie back to the airplane.
In the morning, Julie convinces R to take her home, and they attempt to leave while the Dead watch them, half-fascinated and half-afraid.
However, the Boneys attack and try to kill Julie, but with M’s help, they get away in R’s car.
On the way to the city, it starts raining, and they are forced to stop in the suburbs.
They camp out in one of the houses, and Julie allows R to share a bed with her.
To his surprise, R experiences some more of Perry’s memories, during which R has another conversation with “Perry”.
The next morning, Julie calls her father, and sends R out for fuel.
When he returns however, Julie is gone.
R begins walking back to the airport in a heavy rainstorm, and feels cold for the first time since he “died”.
On the road, R runs into M and some other zombies who have been chased out by the Boneys.
The zombies have been changing like R, and experiencing things such as dreams and old memories.
R decides to go after Julie, and recruits the other zombies’ help to get inside the stadium.
Along the way, Perry shows R more of his memories, saying that he doesn’t want to leave yet.
When R and the others arrive at the stadium, he impersonates a Living person, and has his friends “chase” him to its doors.
The soldiers let him in, and R sneaks through the stadium following Julie’s scent to her house.
R sees Julie on her balcony, and they reunite.
R also meets Nora, Julie’s best friend.
With no other options, the girls let him stay the night, and R has another Perry dream.
The next morning, the girls give R a major make-over to make him look human, and take him on a tour of the city.
They take him to the cemetery where they visit the grave of Julie’s mother, and Julie tells him how her mother died.
While there, R finds Perry’s grave, and has a waking vision of Perry.
By now, it’s become apparent that some form of Perry’s soul is living inside R, and has intertwined with R’s own.
Perry warns him of the changes to come, saying R needs to take control or be swept away.
The vision ends, and the three of them leave the cemetery.
After a tense run-in with Julie’s father, Grigio, they take him to a pub where Julie spikes their drinks with real alcohol, and R gets drunk.
He goes for a walk to clear his head, but runs into a soldier who realizes what he is, forcing R to attack him.
As R begins eating him, he regains control and stops, causing the soldier to reanimate as a zombie.
R runs back to Julie, and finally tells her that he killed Perry.
The Dead soldier is found and killed, but Grigio orders a widespread search to find the second zombie.
He arrives at the house, deduces what R really is, and attacks him despite Julie’s protests.
Nora holds a gun to Grigio, and Julie and R escape from the stadium.
Outside, the crowd of zombies has grown.
What Julie and R have between them has infected many others, causing them to change.
As they deliberate on what to do next, the Boneys attack.
R and Julie flee back to the stadium in the hopes that the Living will kill them off, but the Boneys quickly gather in huge numbers, more than any have ever seen.
Julie is astounded by the siege, but Perry speaks to both of them inside their heads, and tells them that it’s because the Boneys are afraid of the change they represent.
The couple meets up with Nora, and they flee to a roof where they see the battle between the Boneys and the Living.
As they watch, Julie has an epiphany: the plague started because the human race crushed itself beneath the weight of its sins until it released a dark force that changed the humans so that everyone could see their evil.
In the midst of the chaos and bloodshed, R and Julie do the only thing they can think of: they kiss.
The strength of their love cures R of the plague completely and their eyes turn gold.
Suddenly, the moment is interrupted by Grigio, who is quickly descending into madness.
Grigio tries to kill them, but one of his soldiers intervenes, and Grigio nearly falls off the roof.
A Boney appears, and begins eating Grigio, who has finally given up.
Julie shoots it, and both fall off the roof as Grigio shrivels away into a pile of dust and bones.
The fight on the roof somehow causes the Boneys to give up, and they disperse.
After the battle, the Living decide to give the reviving Dead a chance, and let them try to assimilate into their society.
Those that haven’t started changing yet, either start to change or fade away into dust.
In light of the new beginnings, R has decided to remain “R”.
They still have a long way to go, but it’s a start.
Dylan Schoenfield is a snobby, rich and self-centered 16-year-old girl who goes to Woodlands Academy.
She has the coolest boyfriend, the most popular friends, and is determined to win the title of "Blossom Queen".
Josh Rosen is a film geek and aspiring filmmaker with a crush on Amy, a former friend of Dylan's.
He is also the president of the school's dorky Film Club.
Josh wants to make a documentary for the Puget Sound Film Festival, and decides to give himself a challenge, with his topic being popularity, and his subject being Dylan herself.
Dylan, delighted to be in a movie, takes the opportunity; believing that with "her" movie, she could be crowned Blossom Queen.
She instantly starts showing off and puts on an over-the-top, diva-like attitude.
However, this leads to Josh "firing" her, having a heated argument about "whose" movie it is.
After a while, Josh reconsiders her as his film subject after she sees the sci-fi movie "Flight of the Navigator" and she joins his club.
Josh teaches Dylan a lesson about how the world doesn't revolve around her.
After the movie, Dylan invites Josh to her house, where they make an "everything-but-the-kitchen-sink sundae".
While Dylan leaves briefly to go get something, Josh notices a wall of pictures, one of which has Dylan's mom in it, crowned the Blossom Queen.
When Dylan comes back he asks her about it, and she says that her mom was Blossom Queen back in 1985.
Her mom had died when she was in elementary school.
She also admits that she feels more connected to her mom when accomplishing the same things she did.
Josh's friends from the film club are angry at him for abandoning them for Dylan, and assume he has a crush, which Josh denies.
He promises to attend the Mathlete Scavenger hunt the following Saturday.
Dylan allows Josh to enter "the ramp," or the place in the cafeteria where the popular students sit, as a friend rather than a filmmaker.
She advises Josh to talk to Amy, so he leaves, replaced by a disgruntled Asher.
Meanwhile, Josh lands a date with Amy, and she says that Saturday is her day off.
Forgetting that Saturday is the day of the scavenger hunt, he agrees.
Later, Josh talks to Dylan, not knowing what to do (and still forgetting about the scavenger hunt), so Dylan invites him to a party at Asher's house.
Josh picks up Amy the next day and takes her to the party, even though Amy is uncomfortable with the crowd.
Josh realizes that he and Amy have a lot less in common than he originally thought, and she leaves to check out the music.
Josh talks to Dylan and asks her for advice on how to interact with Amy, as he had never dated before.
Asher and Amy catch them and Asher assumes they're secretly dating.
After the party, Josh asks Amy out to the spring formal.
Amy declines, stating that although Josh is not secretly dating Dylan, he wants to.
The next day before school, Dylan's contacts fall down the drain, so she wears her nerdy black-and-brown glasses.
At first she tries her best to make do with out them, but when she gets a note in class from Asher, she puts them on to read it, revealing her secret.
To add insult to injury, the note says that Asher is breaking up with her.
At lunch she wants Josh to sit with her, but Josh refuses and Dylan threatens him.
Josh counters, saying "Or what.
You're gonna ban me from the ramp.
Your seat has already been taken.
" Asher, now her ex-boyfriend, had given her chair to her biggest rival, Nicole Patterson, who is also a candidate for Blossom Queen.
Dylan walks off again silently crying.
Josh asks his friends what's wrong with Dylan.
Upon hearing that Asher just broke up with her, Josh feels guilty.
He also gets the news that he has been replaced by Caitlin as the film club president.
To make matters worse for Dylan, Hannah and Lola also bail on her because they both had dates to the formal and Asher broke up with her for Nicole.
Josh finishes his movie, after much delay, and shows it to the public.
Dylan walks in and sits down.
She expects the movie to help her win Blossom Queen, but she is totally disgusted with the movie after only seeing a bit of it.
When the audience laughs at Dylan's behavior towards the beginning of Josh's film, dubbed "The Popularity Project", Dylan runs out crying as Josh runs after her.
Dylan accuses Josh of publicly humiliating her and undoing all her efforts to be rid of her old self, and walks off after telling him to leave her alone.
It is revealed that the movie actually contains a compliment to Dylan at the end that Dylan doesn't see.
The next morning, Amy shows up at Dylan's house.
She states that just because she stopped being friends with her in 6th grade didn't mean she stopped being friends, she figured Dylan's decisions were affected by the death of her mother.
She then tells her that Josh is worried about her, that the film won the film festival and that she is more popular than ever.
She gives Dylan a DVD of Josh's "terrible" film and tells her to watch 'all' of it before she decides that her social life is ruined.
Later at the Spring Formal, Dylan shows up in her mother's dress, where Lola and Hannah ambush her, pulling her from Amy.
When the "Blossom Queen" winner is announced; Dylan wins the title like her mother did, to Dylan's amazement and Nicole's horror and anger, as she storms off of the stage.
Dylan then proceeds with a tearful impromptu apology for much of what she said in the film, and declares her feelings for Josh.
She mentions her appreciation towards Amy for being her friend, and thanks Josh.
They share a kiss and begin to dance.
Also, Josh's friend, Ari, dances with Amy, and Josh's other friend, Steven, dances with Caitlin.
In the end, Dylan and Josh are shown facing the camera and apologize for the names they called each other at first.
They kiss again with Josh's jacket covering their faces.
After eight months of treatment in a mental health facility for bipolar disorder, Patrick "Pat" Solitano (Bradley Cooper) is released into the care of his father Patrizio (Robert De Niro) and mother Dolores (Jacki Weaver).
His main focus is to reconcile with his estranged wife, Nikki (Brea Bee).
She has moved away and obtained a restraining order against him after Pat had found her in the shower with another man and nearly beat him to death.
During his time in the clinic Pat befriends Danny McDaniels (Chris Tucker), an easygoing man who is embroiled in a legal dispute with the clinic on whether or not he is eligible to leave.
Pat's therapist, dr Patel (Anupam Kher), does his best to convince him to keep taking his medication, as a repeat of his violent outbursts might send him back to the clinic.
But Pat tells him that he has a new outlook on life: he attempts to see the good, or silver linings, in all that he experiences.
At dinner with his friend Ronnie (John Ortiz) and his wife Veronica (Julia Stiles), Pat meets Veronica's sister Tiffany Maxwell (Jennifer Lawrence), a young widow with depression and relationship problems.
Sparks fly between Pat and Tiffany and she tries to connect by offering casual sex, but Pat keeps focusing on getting Nikki back.
Tiffany tries to get closer to Pat and even offers to deliver a letter to Nikki—if, in return, he will practice dancing with her (which she does as a therapy) and to partner with her in an upcoming dance competition.
He reluctantly agrees and the two begin a rigorous practice regimen over the following weeks.
Pat believes the competition will be a good way to show Nikki that he has changed and become a better person.
Patrizio hopes to open his own restaurant and has resorted to illegal bookmaking.
Having put virtually all of his money on the outcome of a Philadelphia Eagles game, he asks Pat to attend as a "good-luck charm".
Danny is eventually released from the clinic, and teaches Pat and Tiffany some new dance moves for their routine.
Pat asks Tiffany for time off from practice to attend the game.
She gives him a typed reply from Nikki, in which she cautiously hints there may be a chance for reconciliation between them.
Before he gets into the stadium, Pat gets involved in a fight when some racist fans harass the Indian fans there including his therapist dr Patel, and is hauled away by the police.
The Eagles lose the game and Patrizio is furious.
Tiffany shows up at their house and points out that the way she is "reading the signs," Philadelphia teams do better when she and Pat are together.
Convinced, Patrizio makes a parlay with his gambling friend: if the Eagles win their next game and Tiffany and Pat score 5 out of 10 in their dance competition, he will win back double the money he lost on the first bet.
Pat is reluctant, and Tiffany, Dolores, and Patrizio conspire to persuade Pat to dance in the competition by telling him that Nikki will be there; it is revealed that his parents have secretly supported Tiffany's attempts to get along with him.
Pat notices that the letter from Nikki also refers to "reading the signs" and realizes that Tiffany wrote it.
Tiffany, Pat, and their friends and family arrive at the competition on the night of the football game.
Tiffany despairs when she finds that Nikki actually is in the audience, invited by Ronnie and Veronica who want Nikki to lift her restraining order on Pat and give Pat the chance to reconcile with her.
Tiffany walks to the bar and starts drinking.
Pat finds her moments before their dance and drags her onto the dance floor.
They begin their routine as the Eagles defeat the Dallas Cowboys.
At the conclusion of their set, Tiffany and Pat score exactly 5 points.
Amid cheers from friends and family and confused looks from the crowd, Pat approaches Nikki and speaks quietly into her ear.
Tiffany sees this and runs off.
Pat leaves Nikki behind after a short conversation, and chases Tiffany.
He hands her a letter, in which he admits that he knows she forged Nikki's letter and confesses that he loved her from the moment he met her, though it took him so long to come to terms with it.
They share a kiss.
Patrizio opens a restaurant with the money he has won, Pat and Tiffany become a couple, and both of them are no longer wearing their wedding rings.
As summarised in a film publication, Georgette Verlaine (Duke) is a favourite stage actress that dr John Longden (Buckler), who is in love with her, persuades to recuperate in the country as her life is ruining her health.
He selects a pretty place called "Crooning Water" where she stays with Horace Dornblazer (Newall), his wife Rachel (Dibley), and their three children.
The fact that there is one man who does not fall for her smiles drives her to try and win the admiration of Horace.
When she finally gets him where she wants him, she leaves and returns to London.
Horace leaves his family and follows her to the city, but she tells him that she did not love him but only admired him for the things he stood for: honour, fidelity, etc.
Georgette starts her gay life anew and Horace goes back to his family where he is forgiven.
The actress soon tires of her frivolous life and returns to Crooning Water, where she too is forgiven, and then returns to London to marry the doctor.
Don Phelan, the ace newsreel reporter, falls in love with Wilma Howell, the daughter of the owner of another newsreel company that is a bitter rival of the one Don Works for.
The rivalry between the two companies, with cameramen nudging each other out of the way, sabotage acts by one against the other, and reporters fighting to get the 'scoop' does not bode well for the romance.
Prison warden dr Fazetti (Leander Haußmann) is confident about having found a striking new concept for the rehabilitation of prisoners by offering them the chance to take a break from their sentence if only they can find a trustworthy woman who takes care of them and vouches for them.
The convicts Steinbock (Til Schweiger) and Hammer-Gerd (Detlev Buck) succeed in doing so.
However, since they are tough guys stamped by prison fights they have their issues when it comes to discipline and it is particularly hard for them to have a lady as boss.
However, Steinbock falls in love with Emilia (Marie Bäumer) and Hammer-Gerd promotes Maren's career as a singer.
(Heike Makatsch, who played Maren, would later in 2009 play the German actress and singer Hildegard Knef in a biopic called Hilde) Eventually they have go back behind bars but Emilia and Maren are now waiting for them.
Awarded radio personality George Harrison Apostol, known as DJ Heidee to her listeners (Sarah Geronimo), provides love advice to people who are having problems in their relationships.
DJ Heidee receives a call from a girl named Melissa (Megan Young) who is asking advice on how to break up with her boyfriend Andrew (Gerald Anderson).
Unfortunately, Andrew is listening to the same program and hears Heidee telling Melissa how they should break up.
Andrew blames Heidee for what happened and even threatens to sue her for giving that particular advice.
In order to prevent a legal battle, and to ease her conscience, Heidee decides to help Andrew win Melissa back.
In the process of getting the two together, Andrew and Heidee begin to feel an attraction toward each other.
Will they be able to overcome their past and become lovers instead.
The story centers around two characters Adam (Luke Treadaway) and Morello (Natalia Tena) who end up handcuffed whilst appearing at T in the Park.
Adam is the lead singer with successful pop group The Make who are booked to perform at popular music festival in Scotland.
While looking for his manager he happens upon Morello, the lead singer for the all girl punk band The Dirty Pinks.
The two do not get along and end up arguing, while doing so attracting the attention of a preacher who decides to teach them both a lesson in cooperation and compromise.
He handcuffs the two together and disposes of the key, leaving the two stuck together until the handcuffs can be removed.
This also means that the two must perform together, an arrangement that both are unhappy with.
But over time they both see that they have more in common than first thought and Morello begins to wonder whether she is truly happy with her boyfriend Mark (Alastair Mackenzie).
Aggie Bruno (Cora Witherspoon) has had enough of her husband, Joe (Joseph Cawthorn), and decides to get a divorce in Reno.
She meets with lawyers Wattles and Swift (Wheeler and Woolsey), the latter of the two agreeing to represent Aggie in court.
Swift suggests that Aggie be "caught" with another man.
Meanwhile, Joe Bruno has also headed to Reno, and is being represented in court by Wattles.
Wattles suggests that Joe be "caught" with another woman.
Meanwhile, Ace Crosby (Mitchell Harris), an angry Arizona gambler, wants to shoot Wattles for representing his wife in a previous divorce case.
Swift suggests that Wattles dress as a woman in order to avoid being found by the gambler.
That evening, Wattles and Swift do the same thing that they do every evening: turn their office into a casino.
Swift arrives at the casino pretending to be Aggie Bruno's love interest.
To add to the confusion, Wattles (dressed as a woman) shows up with Joe Bruno, pretending to be his love interest.
Tom Solomon (Jason Segel), a sous chef at a fancy restaurant, and Violet Barnes (Emily Blunt), a psychology PhD graduate, are a happy couple in San Francisco who get engaged a year after they began dating.
Their nuptials get interrupted when Tom's best friend Alex Eilhauer (Chris Pratt) gets Violet's sister Suzie (Alison Brie) pregnant at Tom and Violet's engagement party and the two marry before Tom and Violet.
Their nuptials get further delayed when Violet gets accepted into the University of Michigan's post-doctorate in psychology program which lasts two years.
Tom agrees to move with her and delay their wedding until then.
However, when he tells his boss, he becomes disheartened when she states she was planning on making him head chef at a new restaurant in town.
In Michigan, Violet settles into her new job nicely under her professor Winton Childs (Rhys Ifans).
She bases her main thesis on people opting to eat stale donuts versus waiting for fresh donuts, associating impulse-control problems with personal and professional instability.
However, Tom, unable to find a suitable chef's position, ends up working at Zingerman's and taking up hunting.
Tom and Violet's nuptials get delayed even further when Winton receives NIH funding with Violet's help, enabling him to extend her program.
In the meantime, grandparents of Violet start to die.
As years pass, Tom becomes increasingly disillusioned with his life, which becomes evident to Violet when she sees him eat a stale donut.
While at a bar with colleagues, a drunken Violet and Winton kiss each other which Violet immediately regrets.
She then visits Tom at work and tells him she wants to plan their wedding now, to which Tom happily agrees.
Tom cleans himself up and they make arrangements together.
Everything goes well until Violet decides to confess to Tom about kissing Winton.
Tom gets disillusioned about their relationship, which reaches a climax when Winton comes to Tom and Violet's rehearsal dinner to try to apologize.
Tom rejects his apology and starts chasing Winton away, with Violet trying to catch up, but Winton gets away after Tom insists that he run or fight him.
A drunken Tom then runs into Margaret, one of his Zingerman's co-workers and has the chance to have sex with her, but opts out.
He wakes up half-naked in the snow with a frostbitten toe, and he is taken to the hospital where the left big toe is amputated.
Violet visits Tom at the hospital, before they call off their engagement once they arrive home.
Tom moves back to San Francisco and becomes a sous-chef under Alex at the new restaurant, while also starting a relationship with the hostess Audrey (Dakota Johnson).
However, Tom's parents and Alex see that Tom is dissatisfied with his new life and motivate him to act upon this.
Alex fires him, telling Tom that he is the better chef and should open his own franchise.
Tom launches a specialty taco truck.
Meanwhile, Violet starts a relationship with Winton and receives an assistant professorship at the university, but becomes upset when she learns she got the job because she was dating Winton rather than her abilities as a researcher and breaks up with Winton.
When Violet's last grandparent dies during the summer, Tom, having broken up with Audrey, shows up at the funeral in England and rekindles his relationship with Violet.
They agree to spend the remainder of the summer together in San Francisco, and they begin to reconnect while sharing an apartment and working side-by-side in the taco truck.
While driving Violet to the airport, Tom says he can take his food truck to where she is and continue their relationship.
Violet then proposes to Tom, stating they'll always have problems together, but that it shouldn't stop them from getting married.
Tom reveals the engagement ring he gave her initially, stating he was planning on proposing to her at the airport.
They both agree and head to Alamo Square Park where Violet has organized for their family and friends to be waiting for an impromptu wedding.
Violet allows Tom to choose between various options for the officiant, clothing and music, and they finally get married.
As described in a film magazine, Robert Ridgway (Barrymore) is in love with Agnes Colt (Meredith), but her brother who is the guardian of her estate objects to Robert's wild escapades.
They are married on the quiet.
Robert goes back to college and promises to be good.
Agnes's sister is jealous of her husband, a Duke, and to test their love the Duke holds a party in Robert's room.
Agnes visits Robert while the party is in progress, and when her brother discovers her absence he goes to hunt her up.
Robert and Agnes escape to a life saving station, don diving helmets, and hide at the bottom of the sea.
Meanwhile, McGeachy (Belcher), who was a witness at the wedding, explains everything.
At a 2011 national a cappella competition, Barden University's all-female a cappella group, the Barden Bellas, perform well until Aubrey Posen (Anna Camp) vomits on herself on stage during her solo.
They are publicly humiliated, losing the competition.
Four months later, newly arrived Barden freshman Beca Mitchell (Anna Kendrick) has no desire to attend college, but she is forced to do so by her father (John Benjamin Hickey), a professor at the university, with whom Beca has a strained relationship.
Wishing she could instead pursue a career as a music producer in Los Angeles, Beca spends her time making mash-up mixes of songs and takes up an internship at the school radio station, where she gets to know fellow freshman Jesse Swanson (Skylar Astin).
When Beca's father discovers she has not been attending classes, he comes to her with a proposition: if she joins a club and still does not want to remain at college after one year, he will allow her to leave college, and he will pay for Beca to move to Los Angeles to pursue her music career.
After some persuasion from Chloe Beale (Brittany Snow) the co-leader of the Bellas along with Aubrey, she reluctantly joins the Barden Bellas.
Aubrey does not initially approve of recruiting Beca, but yields nonetheless due to a desperate need for members and Beca's talent.
Beca joins alongside a group of other women who do not fit the Bellas' typical mold: Cynthia-Rose (Ester Dean), Stacie Conrad (Alexis Knapp), Lilly Onakuramara (Hana Mae Lee), and Fat Amy (Rebel Wilson).
Jesse is also revealed to have joined the Bellas' all-male rival group, the Treblemakers, but his roommate Benji was rejected after being called "weird" by Bumper.
The Bellas participate in the southeastern regional competition at Carolina University where, at Aubrey's insistence, they perform the same medley that helped the Bellas advance to the finals the previous year.
In spite of their old set list, the group manages to place second, which sends them to the semi-finals.
Unfortunately, disaster strikes for Beca when the Treblemakers cause an uproar with an old a capella group after the competition.
The Bellas try to intervene, but Beca accidentally smashes a window with the trophy, which alerts a police officer standing outside who then arrests her.
Jesse later bails Beca out, but makes matters worse by getting her father involved in the situation, who is furious and tells Beca that he will no longer pay for her to move to Los Angeles because of the incident.
This infuriates Beca, which turns her budding friendship with Jesse sour.
In the meantime, Beca suggests to the Bellas to try to be more daring, but Aubrey insists that they will win with the repertoire the group has always used in the past.
At the semi-finals, Beca provides an impromptu back-up of one of her favorite songs into the "traditional" song on the Bellas' set list in an attempt to reinvigorate the crowd after they seemed to have lost interest.
Even though the audience seemed to enjoy Beca's remix, the Bellas come in third in the competition behind the Treblemakers and the Footnotes.
Aubrey becomes furious with Beca, who in turn quits.
But things get better for the Bellas when the Footnotes are later disqualified from the national competition because the lead singer was actually not in college yet, calling the Bellas to take part instead.
The Bellas re-form after spring break, with the notable exception of Beca.
During rehearsals, Chloe stands up against Aubrey's stubbornness.
The group starts to fall apart, which sparks a fight.
Meanwhile, Beca tries to apologize to Jesse, which he declines.
Beca then apologizes to the Bellas for her actions during the semi-finals and asks to have another chance, which Aubrey eventually allows.
After having a group heart-to-heart conversation, the Bellas decide to adopt Beca's more modern and original music style.
Meanwhile, group leader Bumper (Adam DeVine) leaves the Treblemakers after being offered a job as a back-up singer for John Mayer.
With Bumper gone, Jesse persuades the Trebles to let his previously rejected roommate Benji (Ben Platt) join the group in Bumper's place.
At the a cappella national competition, the Bellas sing a piece arranged by Beca, which includes "Don't You (Forget About Me)" a song featured in The Breakfast Club, one of Jesse's favorite movies.
This acts as a more effective apology from Beca, and after the performance, she and Jesse kiss.
The Bellas win the national competition, and six months later auditions for new members take place.
When wealthy newspaper publisher Judson Blair (Edward Arnold) divorces his wife Adele (Mary Beth Hughes), Judge Cornelia Porter (Rosalind Russell) awards Adele alimony of $4000 a month for five years or until she remarries.
After learning from his lawyer, Northcott (Thurston Hall), that Porter refuses to hear an appeal, the furious Blair tries using his influence with her boss, Judge Graham (Guy Kibbee), to have her transferred, but to no avail.
Reporter Jeff Sherman (Walter Pidgeon), recently fired by Blair, offers a solution in exchange for a promotion, a raise, a bonus and an unlimited expense account.
After trying to bargain, Blair gives in to all his demands.
Sherman gets his manicurist girlfriend Dotty (Jean Rogers) to pretend to agree to marry him in a couple of months.
He then sets out to romance the judge, intending to threaten her with an alienation of affection scandal to force her to reduce Blair's alimony burden.
When Porter takes a two month vacation, Sherman follows along.
Having researched her interests, Sherman pretends to be a sculptor.
To obtain an artist's studio in the fully booked resort town where Porter is staying, Sherman persuades real sculptor Alexander Raoul (Leon Belasco) that Blair has offered him a commission to decorate his building.
Sherman then starts working on Porter.
She makes it very plain that she considers him a nuisance, but after much effort, he is able to win her love.
To his dismay, however, he finds that he has fallen for her as well.
When Porter runs into Raoul at Sherman's "studio", she learns about the scheme before Sherman can confess, and has both Blair and Sherman arrested.
At their trial, Sherman acts as his own lawyer and calls Porter to the witness stand, where he asks her to marry him.
Under questioning (and under oath), she is forced to admit that she did love him at one point.
Porter runs out in tears.
When Sherman chases after her, he is knocked down.
Believing he has been hurt, Porter rushes back to him, and they are reconciled.
Meanwhile, Blair becomes irate when he discovers that after he got his ex-wife to agree to a lump sum settlement, she promptly married another wealthy magnate.
Gloria Fay (Joan Blondell) and Mae O'Brien (Glenda Farrell) are two former showgirls working in an amusement park.
Sailor Kewpie Wiggins (Allen Jenkins) is in love with Gloria, when he wins all their prizes with his skill at tossing rings, he learns that Gloria and Mae are broke.
Kewpie suggests that Gloria enters the Miss Pacific Fleet contest to win the cash prize.
Kewpie then offers to enter a boxing match in order to win 5000 votes for Gloria.
He introduces Gloria and Mae to his friend SgtTom Foster (Warren Hull).
Tom and Gloria fall in love.
During the boxing match, Kewpie is losing the match until he sees that Gloria and Tom are cuddling together in the audience.
Angered, he knocks out his opponent and decides to give his 5000 votes to another contestant Virgie Matthews (Marie Wilson).
However, Gloria is still slightly ahead in the contest.
Sadie Freytag (Minna Gombell) who is married to August Freytag, the creator of the beauty contest is jealous of Gloria and decides to kidnap her, so the prize will go to someone else instead.
When Mae learns of her plans, she alerts Kewpie, who spots the kidnappers putting a woman in a small boat.
Kewpie chases them to a ship where he frees the woman who ends up to be Sadie.
At the last minute, Tom and Gloria arrive at contest headquarters with enough votes for her to win the contest.
Gloria and Mae now have enough money to return home to New York.
Rosie Sturges (Joan Blondell) is a Kansas City manicurist, who has a gangster boyfriend name Dynamite Carson (Robert Armstrong).
Rosie's friend Marie Callahan (Glenda Farrell) a fellow manicurist and roommate, urges Rosie to drop Dynamite and go after the three things a girl really needs "money, fur and diamonds".
While Dynamite is away on business, Rosie goes on a date with a customer, Jimmy the Duke (Gordon Westcott) and he steals the diamond engagement ring Dynamite gave to Rosie.
Fearing Dynamite's anger, Rosie and Marie travel by train to New York and disguises themselves as Girl Scouts of America.
In New York, Rosie and Marie meet two businessmen, Samuel Warren (Hobart Cavanaugh) and Jim Cameron (T.
Roy Barnes) and follow them on board a ship bound for Paris.
Rosie and Marie persuade the two men into paying for their ship fares and also buying them new clothes.
Dynamite, who has followed the women to New York and on board the ship, is hiding in the stateroom of millionaire Junior Ashcraft (Hugh Herbert).
Junior has hired detective Marcel Duryea (Osgood Perkins) to investigate his wife, who is having an affair in Paris with dr Sascha Pilnakoff (Ivan Lebedeff).
Rosie and Marie learn that a millionaire is on board the ship, and they pose as French manicurists to enter his room.
When Dynamite exposes them, they fall into hysterics.
Junior decides to give them a check to calm them down, and repay Samuel and Jim for the fare.
In Paris, Marcel reports to Junior, and Rosie agrees to pose as dr Sascha's lover to make Junior's wife jealous.
Marcel, who is in league with Junior's wife, double-crosses him.
However, instead of his wife finding Rosie with dr Sascha, she finds Junior with Marie instead.
Junior decides to get a divorce and marry Marie and Rosie promised Dynamite to return to Kansas City with him.
Lambert Hunkins (Frank McHugh) works at a linoleum company.
When his boss, Oxnard Parsons (Ferris Taylor), gives him a raise from $30 a month to $40, his girlfriend Violet's (Jane Wyman) mother, mrs Coney (Cora Witherspoon), decides that it is time for the two to get married.
Lambert is too meek to object.
They go to an auction to buy some furniture, but when he sees a statue that resembles socialite Iris Mabby (Diana Lewis), the woman he adores from afar, he buys it, over the Coneys' objections.
As Lambert is leaving, Iris's father, Senator Mabby (Berton Churchill), tries to buy the statue from him, but Lambert refuses to sell at any price.
Their bargaining attracts the attention of a street reporter (John Ridgely), and the story of the humble office worker turning down a large sum of money gets into the media.
The senator rushes off before he can be recognized.
It turns out that Senator Mabby is mounting a public campaign against nudity, and the artwork (for which his daughter posed) would be terribly embarrassing to him.
Iris does not care.
Iris visits Lambert, curious about the buyer.
She finds he is like no other man she has ever met, and encourages him to stand firm against her father.
Julia Becker, the sculptor, also pays a visit.
Despite his weak protests, she insists she will send him two companion statues (also based on Iris).
Meanwhile, crook Hymie Atlas (Raymond Hatton) decides the statue must be worth a lot of money.
He and his two thugs, Slug (William Haade) and Dimples (Tom Kennedy), barge into Lambert's apartment to steal it.
When Senator Mabby and Iris show up to make another offer, the three gangsters hide in the next room.
With a gun secretly pointed at him, Lambert is forced to insist on a price of $150,000.
The senator refuses, and Iris is disillusioned.
After the Mabbys leave, Hymie assigns Dimples to keep an eye on Lambert.
The next day, Lambert receives a telegram, bearing an Iowa museum's bid of $5000.
Lambert manages to knock Dimples out and steal a linoleum truck to transport the artwork to the museum's representatives.
However, Hymie and Slug return before he can load it.
They tie him up and drive to the buyers, unaware that Lambert has outsmarted them (what they think is the covered statue is actually an unconscious Dimples).
When Parsons brings the police, looking for his truck, Lambert leads them to the thieves.
The crooks are captured, and an impressed Parsons gives Lambert his job back.
When Violet and her mother also show up, an emboldened Lambert tells them he is not going to marry Violet.
With the $5000 check in hand, he proposes to Iris instead; she cannot say no.
Rahul Mithaiwala (Shah Rukh Khan) is a forty-year-old bachelor living in Mumbai.
His parents died in a car accident when he was eight years old, so his grandparents raised him.
Rahul's grandfather (Lekh Tandon) owns a chain of confectionery shops.
Before his grandfather's 100th birthday celebration, two of Rahul's friends invite him to accompany them on a vacation in Goa, which he accepts.
Rahul's grandfather dies on the eve of the celebration, just when he witnesses Sachin Tendulkar on TV in a cricket match get dismissed on his 99th run.
His grandmother tells Rahul that his grandfather wanted his ashes to be divided into two partsone of each to be immersed in the Ganges and Rameswaram.
She asks Rahul to take the ashes to Rameswaram and disperse them.
Reluctantly, he accepts her request but is also eager to attend the Goa trip.
Rahul and his friends plan to dump the ashes at Goa but his grandmother wants to see him off, forcing Rahul to travel by train.
He books a single ticket on the Chennai Express, planning to meet his friends along the way, at Kalyan Junction station.
However, Rahul forgets to take the ashes, and he almost misses the train when he returns to collect them.
As he tries to leave the train, he notices a young woman running to board it.
He helps her and four other people board the moving train, but the train leaves the station before he can get off.
Rahul tries to flirt with the woman, who starts communicating by singing parodies of Hindi film songs, and explains that the four men are trying to kidnap her.
Rahul lends her his mobile phone so that she can contact her friends, but the men with her grab it and throw it from the train.
Rahul is annoyed, but says nothing because the men are carrying weapons.
Rahul tells the ticket inspector about them, but they push the inspector into a river below a bridge.
Panicked, Rahul learns that the men are her cousins, and that her name is Meenalochni "Meena" Azhagusundaram (Deepika Padukone).
She is fleeing from a forced marriage to Tangaballi (Nikitin Dheer).
Her father, Durgeshwara Azhagusundaram (Sathyaraj) is a powerful headman of the local mafia in Tamil Nadu.
Meena takes Rahul to her father and introduces him as her lover.
Tangaballi challenges Rahul to a duel that Rahul unknowingly accepts, due to his lack of knowledge in Tamil.
On the night of the duel, Rahul escapes with the help of a local policeman, Shamsher (Mukesh Tiwari), but he ends up on a ship with Sri Lankan terrorists and smugglers.
A gun battle ensues between the police force and the terrorists.
When the police officers investigate and take Rahul into custody, he tells his story and ends up back in Komban.
Terrified and once again surrounded by Azhagusundaram's sickle-wielding henchmen, Rahul pretends to take Meena hostage and escapes with her in her father's car, battling Azhagasundaram's men.
When the car has a breakdown, Rahul and Meena quarrel and part ways.
Rahul, not knowing which way to go, returns to Meena, who takes him to the Vidhamba village.
Meena tells the villagers that they are a married couple who needs protection and rest, to which the villagers agree.
Meena then realises that she has fallen in love with Rahul.
When Rahul plans to sneak away, she argues, not wanting to earn the villagers' distrust.
Tangaballi catches Rahul as he tries to leave, but the villagers help them escape again.
Meena persuades Rahul to disperse his grandfather's ashes and travels with him to Rameswaram, where they complete the rites.
On their way back, Rahul realises that he has fallen in love with Meena, and does not tell her where they are going.
He takes Meena back to her father and tries to make him understand and honour his daughter's wish.
He also tells Meena that he loves her.
Rahul tells Tangaballi and his goons that he is ready for the fight this time.
In the fight that follows, Rahul is severely injured but emerges victorious.
Meena's father and Tangaballi reform, accepting that the love of a common man like Rahul is bigger than their physical ability and political influence.
Azhagusundaram allows Rahul to marry Meena.
Rahul then leaves a message that love knows no regional or language barriers and that with a strong heart, there is no limit to what the common man can achieve.
Émilie (Audrey Tautou), co-owner of a hair salon, receives an anonymous love letter from her worker Jean (Sami Bouajila) who, unknown to Émilie, is highly educated but took up the handy-man job in the salon after a depression.
Émilie doesn't fall for the love letter but passes it on to her mother Maddy (Nathalie Baye) who is depressed since the breakup of her marriage.
Maddy falls for the love letter and is in high spirits again.
Jean's high education as a translator in several Asian and European languages is uncovered in a verbal fight in Chinese with two women.
Émilie is now fearing criticism from Jean as her education is no match to his.
In the meanwhile Maddy is losing her high spirits as no new letter arrives.
Émilie then writes new anonymous letters to her mother, but the letters style get heavily criticised for the lack of style and emotion.
To avoid Jean he is sent out to do errands, posting the mail is one of them and when he runs out of stamps he delivers one letter by himself, another anonymous faux love letter from Émilie to Maddy.
Jean is being witnessed posting the letter and Maddy follows him back to the salon and consequently she flirts with whom she believes is her secret admirer.
Katie is a 25-year-old virgin who wants to save herself for the ideal man.
As time passes, however, she becomes convinced the ideal man doesn't exist.
Katie is good friends with Ben, who is crazy about her and wants to move their relationship from friendship to romance; she does not feel the same way about him, however.
When Katie meets Richard, a talented British songwriter, she thinks that she may have finally the right man.
High-profile heiress Diane North (Wendy Barrie) stows away in the trailer of a bacteriologist dr Lawrence "Larry" Smith (Gene Raymond) to escape from her own wedding.
Larry has to drive cross country to San Francisco to catch a ship to China, where he will work with an eminent expert on a cure for a serious disease.
When he discovers his stowaway, Diane tells him she is poverty-stricken Maggie "Jonesy" Jones, making her way to a slightly less poor uncle.
Larry tries to get rid of his passenger at every opportunity, but she falls in love and uses every wile to stay with him.
Meanwhile, her wealthy, ditsy mother (Hedda Hopper) offers a reward for her safe return, fearing she has been kidnapped, but her fiance Walter Corbett remains remarkably blase about the whole thing.
At a lunch counter, two grifters recognize Diane, and sneak aboard the trailer, but not before conning Orestes (Billy Gilbert), the diner's cook, into giving them two $10 bills for $5.
Orestes finally figures out he has been conned and telephones for the police.
All four are taken to the Omaha police station.
Police Captain Burke finally sorts things out and lets Larry and Diane go.
They get married.
Then, at one stop, Diane secretly calls her mother and asks her to do something to stop Larry from going to China (which he insists on doing alone).
Larry hears on the radio that the famous doctor has found a cure, so he no longer has a reason to go.
He also discovers Diane's true identity, and promptly dumps her.
On his way back through Omaha, he is arrested.
Captain Burke is sure he kidnapped and possibly murdered Diane, and is frustrated when the alleged victim shows up looking for her husband.
Diane confesses to Larry that the news story was faked by her mother.
He leaves once more for San Francisco, by air as time is running short.
On board the ship, Larry is delighted to be invited to dine with the captain, until he discovers that the guest of honor is one of the owners of the shipping line: Diane.
He storms out, but she persuades him to take her back.
On the instructions of their lawyer, the wealthy young daughter of divorcing parents (Joan Carroll) is removed to a mountain resort, complete with a decoy mother, to protect her from the publicity.
The situation is immediately complicated by persistent reporters, a romantic interest for the fake mother, and a convention of birdwatchers.
Kate Loughlin is a vivacious young actress struggling to get her big break in the London film industry.
When she lands an audition for the lead role in a massive movie franchise based on the 'Prince of Chaos' novels by legendary author Horatio King, she goes after the opportunity with all guns blazing.
However a sleazy agent trying to pimp her to the director Vincent Catalano, pushes her to the other extreme.
Determined to prove her strict professionalism, she starts second guessing Vincent's interest in her.
Dáithí Carroll is an earnest young filmmaker studying in London.
Chosen to direct one of his college's graduation films, he needs a crew.
Enter Joanne Webber, a hard-nosed Londoner with a penchant for role-play and her eye on this vulnerable Irishman.
Together they recruit a motley crew for their film, and Dáithí enlists Kate to star.
A restless Vincent inserts himself onto their set through his friend and casting director Deborah Whitton, who is tutor to the young filmmakers.
Kate's resolve to maintain her integrity is put to the test as she finds herself drawn to Vincent when they are repeatedly thrown together.
Add to the mix rival starlet Luci, a wannabe WAG with designs on both Kate's coveted role in 'Prince of Chaos', and on Vincent.
In the cut-throat arena of show-business, Kate stands to learn that her profession is personal, and sometimes friction can create a spark.
Foreign correspondent Rickey Mayberry (Dennis Morgan) hurriedly flies back from Spain to theS.
to keep his wife from divorcing him, but he's followed on the flight by love interest Irene Malcolm (Rita Hayworth).
Mayberry's wife Sue (Merle Oberon) has indeed divorced him, although she still loves him.
The comedy of errors is compounded by Irene and also by Rickey's boss (James Gleason), who both conspire to keep the couple apart.
Novelist and part-time teacher Bill Borgens (Greg Kinnear) has been floundering since his ex-wife Erica (Jennifer Connelly) left him for a younger man two years ago.
Instead of working on a new book, he spies on Erica and her new husband Martin while pretending to be jogging.
Bill's son Rusty (Nat Wolff) is a high school student in love with a classmate named Kate (Liana Liberato) but lacks the courage to talk to her.
Bill's daughter Sam (Lily Collins) is a cynical college student who prefers one-night stands and hook-ups with people she knows are less intelligent than herself, in order to shield herself from love.
On Thanksgiving, Bill has a reluctant Rusty set a place for Erica.
At dinner, Sam announces that her first novel has been accepted for publication.
Bill, having raised his children to be writers from birth, is thrilled, but becomes annoyed when she admits the book is not the one he had been helping her write.
Rusty goes to have Thanksgiving with Erica and Martin, but Sam refuses, citing Erica's perceived betrayal of Bill.
While at a bar, Sam's classmate Louis aka Lou (Logan Lerman) tries to prevent her from initiating another hook-up.
Despite being rebuffed, he continues to pursue her and eventually strong-arms her into a cup of coffee.
While discussing their favorite books, Sam is unnerved by their similar tastes in literature and runs off, refusing to be roped into a relationship.
When Lou stops coming to the writing seminar they both attend, Sam tracks him down to the house where he takes care of his mother, who is dying.
Sam is humbled by this and agrees to go out with Lou.
When they discuss Sam's novel she reveals that a scene in which the main character sees her mother having sex with a man on the beach was about Erica and Martin.
When Martin worried if Bill might see them, Erica replied, "I don't care".
While listening to Lou's favorite song Sam begins to cry, afraid of being hurt.
Lou tells her he won't hurt her, and they share a kiss.
Rusty reads a poem in class about an angel.
Bill reads Rusty's journal, which he has paid both Sam and Rusty to keep over the years.
When Rusty catches him, Bill says that Rusty needs to really experience life in order to become a better writer.
Rusty and his friend Jason bribe their way into a party held by Kate's boyfriend, Glen (Patrick Schwarzenegger).
Rusty inadvertently sees Kate and Glen doing cocaine in the bathroom, leaving him dispirited.
He and Jason are about to leave when they witness Kate and Glen arguing; when Glen shoves Kate to the ground, Rusty punches him in the face and flees with Kate and Jason.
Since Kate can't go home bruised and high, Rusty brings her to his house.
While tucking her into bed, she asks Rusty if his angel poem was about her; he admits it was.
They share a kiss and begin a relationship.
Rusty gives Kate a copy of It, his favorite novel, and she gives him her favorite album.
On Christmas Day they have sex in his closet, which she believes neither of them will forget (as it is Rusty's first time).
At the same time Kate struggles with her drug addiction; while visiting Erica's house, she rifles through a medicine cabinet and is on the verge of stealing prescription drugs when Erica walks in on her.
Bill has regular sexual liaisons with his married neighbor, Tricia (Kristen Bell), with whom he occasionally jogs.
However, he continues to mope over his failed marriage.
While Christmas shopping he runs into Erica and they talk over coffee.
He tells her that, if given a second chance, he would be a much better husband, leaving Erica visibly uneasy.
Tricia urges him to move on and begin dating again, helping him dress better and creating an online dating profile.
After going on a somewhat successful date, he stops by Erica's house and peeks in her window.
Seeing her read a book, he leaves his wedding ring as a sign that he has moved on.
However, he does a double take and realizes she is reading one of his own books.
Heartened, he takes back his ring.
Sam has a party for the launch of her book, where Bill makes a speech about the process of writing, quoting What We Talk About When We Talk About Love, his favorite book.
Erica is invited by Lou, but is clearly uncomfortable and avoids conversation.
Bill encourages her to talk to Sam, who pretends not to know her when signing Erica's copy of her novel.
When Sam gives Kate champagne—unaware of Kate's addiction and the fact that she's underage—Kate goes back for more and eventually goes home with Gus, one of Bill's students.
The Borgens track her down; Bill and Erica barge into Gus's apartment and find her asleep in his bedroom after a night of drinking and doing drugs.
As Kate is loaded into the car, Rusty lifts the blanket covering her and realizes she had sex with Gus (perhaps while unconscious), which leaves him in tears.
Heartbroken, Rusty turns to alcohol and comes home drunk almost every night.
While at a convenience store with Jason he runs into Glen, who chases down and beats him.
Kate writes Rusty a letter apologizing and telling him she's in rehab, having realized the only person who could truly fix her is herself.
She hopes that one day she could be worthy of somebody like him.
Bill, worried about Rusty, tells him to channel his pain into his writing.
Rusty asks if he did the same when Erica left, prompting Bill to ground him.
Rusty writes a story entitled "I've Just Seen A Face" (after the Beatles song of the same name, which he told Sam he hears when thinking of Kate) and finds it therapeutic.
Later, he gets a call from Stephen King, his favorite author, who tells him that Sam sent his story to King, who had it published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction.
Bill reveals to Sam that he walked out on Erica when Sam was a baby, and that when he came back six months later she accepted him, having waited the whole time.
He promised that if she ever left him, he'd give her a second chance.
When Lou's mother dies, Sam realizes how much her mother means to her and they tearfully reconcile.
A year later, Bill shows he's moved on from Erica by not setting a place for her at the table for Thanksgiving.
As the family sits down to eat, joined by Lou, Erica arrives and tearfully asks if there is a place for her.
She joins them at the table and Rusty announces his story is being published.
While the family celebrates, Bill again quotes from What We Talk About When We Talk About Love: "I could hear my heart beating.
I could hear everyone's heart.
I could hear the human noise we sat there making, not one of us moving, not even when the room went dark".
Home from the war, Captain Tony Travis (Alan Marshal) eyes an estate in Santa Barbara and wonders what it must be like to be that rich.
It is the property of the fabulously wealthy Nora Hunter (Laraine Day), who has secretary and friend Sylvia Lockwood (Marsha Hunt) impersonate her in public.
Longtime guardian Jonathan Connors (Edgar Buchanan) protects his ward's privacy zealously.
During a ship launching, a press photographer takes Nora's picture, but Connors sees to it that the camera film is ruined.
Sylvia tells Nora that she is quitting so that she can accompany her husband, Phil Vernon (Allyn Joslyn), whose job requires him to move to Washington.
Nora decides to marry her fiance Donald (William Post Jr) so that Sylvia can be her maid of honor at her wedding, but when Donald returns from military duty, he breaks the news that he has fallen in love with someone else.
Nora hosts a tea, but has Sylvia again pretend to be her.
There she meets and takes a liking to Tony, but he is more interested in Sylvia.
On hearing him vow that love is more important to him than money, Nora and Sylvia invite him to a weekend at Nora's beach house.
Nora helps Tony court Sylvia, so that if he does genuinely love the real Nora, it will not be because of her money.
All of her friends tell her she is being foolish, that nobody can resist that much temptation, but she stubbornly persists.
Mix-ups ensue.
While tipsy, Sylvia accepts a marriage proposal from Tony.
That night, Tony sees Phil sneak to Sylvia's bedroom for a late night hug.
The next morning, he punches the overly cheerful Phil over it.
Nora tells him that she and Sylvia switched rooms that night.
Despite this "confession", he eventually realizes who he really loves, tosses the protesting Nora over his shoulder and carries her away to get married.
On their honeymoon night in a cheap motel, Nora finally reveals her true identity.
Tony is disgusted and starts to leave, but then sees her for the first time in her nightgown and stays.
Wealthy businessman William "Will" Van Luyn (Conrad Nagel) proposes to his secretary, Joan Thayer (Leila Hyams).
She accepts, but worries how her family will react.
When he meets them for the first time, little sister Helen (Bessie Love) is delighted by the advantages he will bring, but cousin Henry starts lecturing him on the virtues of the downtrodden middle class.
The rich can afford medical treatment, and the poor can rely on the government to pay the bills, but the middle class has to shoulder the financial burden on its own.
Nevertheless, Will marries Joan.
A month later, their honeymoon is interrupted when he has to return to the city to deal with a lawsuit.
Joan insists that they stay in her family's apartment for a few weeks.
Her father (James Neill) turns down Will's offer to buy them a luxurious twelve-room apartment in a much better neighborhood, and the rest of the family supports his decision.
Will gamely goes along with Joan's plan, but insists her bedroom is too small for the two of them, and sleeps on the living room couch.
This does not contribute to the couple's marital bliss; he has insisted that she quit working, so she does not see much of him during either the day or the night.
Will's good intentions only cause trouble.
He secretly arranges for Henry to be offered a good job in South America, but Henry finds out about his hand in it and turns the opportunity down.
When Will gives Helen expensive jewelry as a belated birthday present, her fiancé, truck driver Tom Gibney, is furious.
He picks a fight, but Will easily knocks him down with a couple of punches.
To teach his in-laws a lesson, Will announces that he is going to become one of them by giving away his fortune to charity.
Joan's father has just lost his job, and the entire family admit they have been wrong and try to talk Will out of it.
Finally, he reveals that it was all a ploy to get them to realize that his wealth is not something to be ashamed of.
They no longer object when he showers them with gifts.
Poli Truper (Candela Vetrano) is a 16-year-old girl.
She is a seemingly ordinary teenager but with a special gift: she is super powerful and equally clumsy.
Poli has the misfortune of losing control of her powers whenever she gets nervous or gives vent to her feelings, which gets her in trouble constantly, especially at school.
She is actually "Super T", (Super Truper), but, being too clumsy, people call her "Super Clumsy" and it annoys her that people call her like that.
Poli knows the possibilities that her powers could give her, but fails to dominate them.
Thus, her clumsiness will unleash several disasters, as freezing all her school classmates wanting to stop time in a happy moment, getting caught on the wall with half body inside and half body outside when she tries to teleport from one room to another, or leave the school principal deaf for a few minutes when she sings a song with her super squeaky voice.
Fortunately, her brother Filo – whose only super power is to be unbearably clever – is always responsible for covering the destructions that Poli produces with her bungling and avoid that her secret gift is discovered.
The only place where Poli feels in control of her powers is in her dreams, where not only she manages to master them to perfection but also makes it while wearing her glamorous superhero costume.
In addition, in her dream world she sings as the gods and manages to conquer Felix (Pablo Martínez), her class companion whom which she's madly in love with.
With the help of her brother, her best friend Mia and her Chinese nanny Chin Chan – who is, in fact, a professional trainer of superheroes – Poli will attempt to learn how to master her powers to become the superheroine that she is intended to be and fight against evil, as she muddles through the ups and downs of adolescence and the challenge of growing up.
Depressed after getting dumped by her cheating husband, Augusta recovers from a resulting nervous breakdown by way of observing her two sons, 18-year-old Henry and older brother Matthew, as they come of age.
Violet (Cohn) is forty, fabulous, and the ultimate fag hag.
Fed up with being single, she decides to distance herself from her gay friends in order to find a straight boyfriend.
Heather Halloran is about to give birth to a baby, chased after by three men who want to marry her.
Before the birth happens, we flashback to the events that led to her becoming pregnant.
Her mother wants Heather to be a singing star.
She goes to work as a secretary for a rich man, Harlan Wycliff, and falls in love with him, but he does not want her to sing.
Calvin Weir-Fields (Paul Dano) is a young novelist who is struggling to recreate the early success of his first novel but unable to commit to any of his ideas.
With his introverted personality and idealistic view of what it means to be in love, Calvin also struggles in finding relationships, feeling most women are only interested in an idolized and preconceived notion of who they believe him to be.
His therapist, dr Rosenthal (Elliott Gould), gives him a writing assignment: to write a page about someone who likes his rather uninspiring dog, Scotty.
Calvin has a dream in which he meets an attractive young woman, who draws a picture of Scotty and says she likes him.
Calvin wakes and is inspired to write about her.
In therapy he admits he is falling in love with the character he is writing and tells the therapist all about Ruby Sparks (Zoe Kazan).
Calvin's brother Harry (Chris Messina) and sister-in-law Susie (Toni Trucks) come to visit and find several articles of women's clothing around the house.
That night while writing before falling asleep at his typewriter, Calvin writes a passage with Ruby admitting, although he is not the type of guy she usually falls for, she is falling in love with him.
The next day, Calvin is stunned to find Ruby in his kitchen, as an actual living person.
Thinking he is going crazy, he calls Harry, who does not believe him and advises him to meet with someone else to take his mind off things.
Ruby is confused by his behavior and insists on coming along, but he leaves her to shop while he meets Mabel (Alia Shawkat), a young fan of his book who had given him her number.
Ruby finds them and believes he is cheating on her.
In the ensuing confrontation, Calvin discovers that others can actually see Ruby, proving that she is a real person and not a figment of his imagination.
Calvin explains that he feels overwhelmed, and they make up.
Calvin introduces Ruby to Harry, who is incredulous at first and suggests alternate explanations.
However, Calvin soon proves that his writing directly affects Ruby.
Saying he loves Ruby, Calvin asks Harry not to tell anyone of Ruby's origins.
Although Harry warns him that women are mysterious creatures and that things may change, Calvin insists that since he wrote her into existence, he knows her.
He asserts that he will never write about Ruby again.
Months later, Calvin reluctantly takes Ruby to meet his free-spirited mother Gertrude (Annette Bening) and her boyfriend Mort (Antonio Banderas).
While Ruby with her much more outgoing personality enjoys the time with Calvin's family, introverted Calvin spends the weekend reading by himself, growing jealous of the time Ruby is spending with other people.
Ruby's happy spirit begins to dampen at Calvin's increased gloominess.
After they return home to Calvin's house, the relationship is tense.
Calvin complains about Ruby's singing while she cooks and he reads.
Depressed, she and Calvin have a serious talk.
Ruby tells Calvin how lonely she is and suggests they start spending less time together.
Calvin feels miserable and fearful Ruby will soon break up with him.
He begins to write Ruby's story again out of desperation, and writes that Ruby is also miserable without him.
Ruby returns to Calvin's house full-time but becomes incredibly clingy toward him, afraid to leave his side for even a second.
Calvin tires of this and writes that Ruby is instead "filled with effervescent joy," at which point she becomes constantly happy.
This leaves Calvin unhappy, knowing her happiness is artificial.
After talking with Harry about what he has been doing, Calvin intends to write Ruby back to her normal self, but the wording he uses leaves Ruby confused.
Ruby fights with Calvin once more.
He attempts to cheer her up and takes her along to a party hosted by author Langdon Tharp (Steve Coogan).
At the party, Calvin leaves Ruby and talks with people about his still-unfinished manuscript.
He also runs into his ex-girlfriend Lila (Deborah Ann Woll), and they have a heated argument in which Lila accuses Calvin of being uninterested in anyone outside of himself.
Langdon sees Ruby alone and flirts with her, convincing her to strip to her bra and panties and join him in the pool.
Calvin finds Ruby just as she is stepping into the pool with Langdon.
Furious and humiliated, Calvin drives Ruby home.
At home, Calvin and Ruby fight, with Ruby telling Calvin he cannot stop her from doing what she wants.
As she prepares to leave, Calvin reveals that she is a product of his imagination and that he can indeed control her, and is capable of making her do anything he writes.
He demonstrates this to her by making her perform various ever more frenzied and humiliating actions.
In his excitement, he jams the type bars of his typewriter.
Ruby, exhausted, collapses to the floor.
Calvin hangs his head in anguish, before gently attempting to approach Ruby.
Just as Calvin reaches out for her, Ruby runs into his bedroom and locks the door.
Calvin writes a final page, which states that as soon as Ruby leaves the house she is no longer his creation, no longer subject to his will, and she is free.
He leaves the manuscript outside her door, with a note telling her to read the last page and that he loves her.
The next morning, Calvin finds that the note is gone along with Ruby, and he breaks down sobbing.
Time passes, and Harry suggests he write a new book about his experiences with Ruby.
The novel, The Girlfriend, is a success.
While walking with Scotty in the park, Calvin sees a woman that appears to be Ruby, but she has no recollection of him.
She is reading his book, which she says her friend described as pretentious.
She also states Calvin seems very familiar to her, which Calvin deflects by showing her his photo on the book.
Embarrassed when Calvin reveals himself as the author, she asks if they can "start over".
They sit and talk, and she asks him not to spoil the ending for her.
Calvin replies, "I promise".
Parisian Marion is living in New York with her son, in order to be closer to Jack, the boy's father (Marion's ex-boyfriend from 2 Days in Paris).
She and her new boyfriend Mingus have a cozy relationship until the arrival of Marion's father, sister and sister's boyfriend, on vacation from France.
The group's two days together are tested by "unwitting racism and sexual frankness", with no one left unscathed.
South of theS.
border, Don José Tostado, a Mexican cabellero, falls in love with Dolores Romero, a dance-hall girl.
Owning one of the larger ranches in the area, Tostado is not used to people telling him no.
When Romero resists his advances, using a fictional boyfriend as her excuse, this only increases his interest in her, and his attempts to win her favor.
As part of that attempt, he plans to throw a gala in her honor.
Meanwhile, Romero falls for Johnny Powell, a dealer at a nearby casino.
She confides in him that she has no interest in Romero, but doesn't know how to get him to leave her alone.
Powell offers to take her away and get married.
They make their plans, but before they can carry them out, Tostado learns of them and hatches a plot of his own: he frames Powell for a murder and has him arrested.
When Dolores hears that Tostado has paid the jailer to kill Johnny during an escape attempt, she makes a deal with Tostado to give herself to him in exchange for Johnny's life and freedom.
Tostado agrees.
When Johnny is freed, Dolores makes it clear that she is no longer interested in him, and that she intends to marry Tostado.
Dolores leaves with Tostado, heading for his ranch.
On the way, she attempts to commit suicide, but is stopped by Tostado, who is startled to discover that she would rather be dead than be stuck with him for the rest of her life.
When they arrive back at his hacienda, they are surprised by Johnny, who fights Tostado.
When they police arrive, they arrest Johnny, and are ready to execute him summarily, on Tostado's orders.
Dolores intercedes on Johnny's behalf, and her pleas have their desired effect.
Realizing that he's beaten, Tostado calls off the police, and lets Dolores leave with Johnny.
Mimi Bennett lives with her wealthy aunt Kate on the South Pacific isle of Tahiti.
A half-Tahitian, half-Caucasian girl, Mimi's dream is to someday leave this world to live in America.
Hazard Endicott's arrival changes her plans.
He is a school teacher from Ohio who has inherited a Tahiti estate.
His first task is to hire a servant and he mistakes Mimi for a native girl, offering her a job.
She amuses herself by not telling him the truth.
The estate turns out to be little more than a shack.
Endicott also miscalculates an invitation to a party at Kate's, coming in casual island attire to an event with elegantly dressed guests.
Mimi takes pity on him and a romance blooms.
Marshall Thomas (Houston Rhines), an advertising designer, and his partner of seven years, cafe owner Gabe Horton (Noah Schuffman), who live in Los Angeles, California, are in a rut.
Gabe seems too busy for intimacy and Marshall is feeling the pressure of a frustrating dead-end job.
Marshall discovers a smart phone application called eCupid and agrees to install it without reading the terms of agreement (despite multiple warnings) The application (voiced by Morgan Fairchild) proceeds to take over Marshall's phone and computer, and by proxy his life.
Gabe finds out and the two split.
eCupid begins arranging various encounters and situations designed to help Marshall find the things he thinks he wants: the recapturing of his youth via fun, romance and freedom.
The young and beautiful Suzanne O'Neill (Barbara Britton) works as a waitress in her fiance William "Bill" Harris's (William Henry) diner.
Suzanne's problem is that Bill doesn't want to decide on a wedding date.
He claims that he doesn't have enough money to get married; he wants to be able to support her on his own first, so that she doesn't have to work at all.
But Suzanne gets tired of Bill's pride getting in the way of her dreams for the future.
Suzanne starts betting on horse races, using her "lucky pin" to pick the right ones for the infamous and not always apt gambler Jonathan Tuttle (Frank Darien).
When Tuttle passes away shortly after their enterprise has taken off, Suzanne finds out that he has left her seven thousand dollars through his will.
She is more than surprised, since he wasn't that successful in his gambling.
Suzanne takes the money to Bill, offering him to use them to scale up his business, but once again his pride comes in the way.
She decides to leave Bill, returns the engagement ring, and leaves for New York to try her own wings of fortune.
Her lucky pin continues to prove itself useful when she manages to pick a very profitable stock at one of the city's reputable investment corporations: Hendrick Courtney, Sr.
and Sons.
The firms manager, Hendrick 'Hank' Courtney Jr.
is baffled by her performance, and lets her go on picking several more stocks to see where she lands.
It runs out she is more than lucky and she makes the firm a neat load of cash in a very short span of time.
Both the gloomy Hank and his more outgoing, easier younger brother Rex fall in love with Suzanne.
She is overwhelmed by the attention and starts dating both brothers, even if she can't forget her previous fiance Bill.
She arranges, with the help of one of the brothers, that some of her money is sent to Bill, disguised as an inheritance from an aunt.
Without struggling with his pride, Bill invests the money in a new and bigger diner, and he is ready to try to win back his lost love Suzanne.
Another waitress of his has taken an interest in him and tries to convince him to give up waiting for Suzanne, and choose her instead.
Suzanne finds herself now being courted also by the two brothers' father, who has fallen for the charming former waitress head over heels.
Despite this she manages to sneak away and come to the opening of Bill's new diner.
She is hoping to talk her way back into Bill's life, but the rivaling waitress spills vicious lies into her ears, saying that she and Bill are now engaged to be married.
Devastated by these news just leaves Bill a note and leaves the opening without meeting him.
When Bill reads the note he immediately goes to New York to reconcile with his love and tell her the truth.
Bill finds his love in New York and they have a long talk during a Central Park coach ride, and it seems the couple will be able to let bygones be bygones.
Upon the return to her apartment though, they bump into all three of the love-struck Courtneys.
Bill is ourtraged and leaves Suzanne alone with the three men.
After being abandoned by Bill, Suzanne decides to accept marrying one of the brother's, but without saying which one.
On the wedding day, both brothers are left by the altar, and it turns out that Suzanne has been hijacked by their father.
He has realised that Suzanne doesn't want to marry either of his sons, and takes her on a trip to look for Bill, in an effort to join them once and for all.
When they arrive back to the small town they find that Bill has left the diner and all hope of reconciliation seems lost - until they discover that there is a re-opening of the old diner in progress, and Suzanne convince Bill to taker her back, with a little help from her lucky pin.
Hunky writer Markus (Andreas) returns home to find his boyfriend of four years naked with another man.
Newly single, he begins waiting tables at a swinging Chelsea hotspot where the indelible supporting cast of co-workers offers conflicting directions on the off-road map to love and lust in New York City.
Tom, a gardener at Kingston Bagpuize House, falls in love with Anya, a Polish au pair.
He is agonisingly slow at making a move to win the heart of Anya, so the whole village comes together to help speed things up.
Lucky Cullen (Milton Berle) gets into trouble when his boss, bookie Tony Miller (Cesar Romero), finds out that Lucky has bet (and lost) $5000 under a false identity.
Tony gives Lucky 24 hours to settle the debt.
Lucky learns that he has inherited a Fifth Avenue art gallery from his uncle.
When he and Tony check it out, however, Helen Mason (Carole Landis) informs them that the business is so far in debt it is worthless.
Attracted to Helen, Tony cancels Lucky's debt in exchange for the gallery.
He takes Helen out to dinner and gets her to start teaching him about art.
When Tony finds gallery employee Stewart Haines (Richard Derr) kissing Helen, he sends Stewart on a buying trip to Europe.
Meanwhile, Lucky is pestered by "Genius" (Elisha Cook, Jr), a struggling painter.
Just to get rid of him, Lucky gives him $10 for his abstract paintings.
Thrilled, Genius returns again and again with more of his work.
To Lucky's surprise, a patron later buys Genius's work.
Trying to impress Helen, Tony buys a Rembrandt from Claire Barrington (Rose Hobart) for $20,000, only to have the gallery's art expert, Appleby (Francis Pierlot), unmask the painting as a very good fake.
Tony confronts Claire and Gigi (J.
Carrol Naish), the forger, and retrieves his money.
Then he has an idea.
Helen had told him about a missing Velasquez, Two Children in the Court.
Tony gets Gigi to paint a copy.
He then presents it to a thrilled Helen to sell at an auction at the gallery.
Tony becomes concerned when government buyer Finchley enters the bidding.
He orders Lucky to buy the painting, but Helen stops him, and Finchley gets the work for $84,000.
Further complications arise when Stewart returns from his trip with Don Fernando (Steven Geray) and the genuine painting.
After Lucky kidnaps Don Fernando, a worried Tony buys the work for $100,000, then switches it with Gigi's forgery, only to have the government expert dismiss it as a bad copy.
Helen insists that other experts be brought in.
While they wait, Tony confesses the truth to her.
Meanwhile, Gigi substitutes his (much better) forgery, and the new experts are satisfied it is genuine.
To show Helen that he is not in it for the money anymore, Tony donates it to the government free of charge.
Tony gives the gallery to Helen and Stewart and returns to what he knows.
Helen shows up at the racetrack and forgives him.
Lucky then returns Tony's $100,000; he paid Don Fernando with counterfeit money.
A young accountant named George is standing on an elevated train platform in 1940s New York City, holding a folder, when he is hit by a flying piece of paper.
The paper is chased by a young woman named Meg who lost it to a gust of wind from a passing train.
The same thing happens to George when a subsequent gust of wind from another incoming train dislodges one of the papers from his folder and blows it into Meg's face, leaving a lipstick-smudged kiss imprinted on the paper, much to her amusement when George retrieves it.
He is entranced by the lipstick mark and Meg's beauty, and therefore misses her boarding the departing train.
The two exchange looks as she departs.
George arrives at work, despondent, gazing at the lipstick-marked paper on his desk.
He looks out the window and is surprised to find Meg in the building across the street, working in an office with an open window.
After failing to get her attention by waving his arms, George begins folding airplanes from a stack of papers on his desk, throwing them out the window one by one in an attempt to get her to notice him.
Unfortunately, his efforts are met with varying levels of failure, as well as disparaging looks from his boss.
In desperation, having used all of the paper on his desk to no success, he uses the lipstick-marked paper, although this fails as well when a gust of wind tugs it from his hands.
Meg then leaves the office, and George, rebuffing his boss, dashes from his desk.
Rushing across a street of busy traffic, he fails to see which way she went, and only finds the final lipstick-marked paper airplane.
Angered, he throws it hard and it soars into the sky.
It turns out many of the paper airplanes have collected in a nearby alley, and when the lipstick-marked paper airplane lands among them, they begin to stir and fly from the ground, seeming to come alive, and set off in pursuit of George.
A cloud of paper airplanes forces him toward a nearby train station and onto a train, much to his confusion.
Meanwhile, the lipstick-marked paper airplane sets off in pursuit of Meg, finding her at a flower stand.
Recognizing the lipstick-marked paper, she chases the airplane to another train station and aboard a different train.
They're finally brought together when both of their trains stop at the same station; George still covered in paper airplanes and Meg holding his lipstick-marked paper airplane.
As the credits roll, they are seen chatting happily with each other at a restaurant table with the lipstick marked paper between them.
Determined to better herself, Maisie Ravier (Ann Sothern) graduates from the Benson Business School in Los Angeles, but has to fend off the advances of mr Benson (John Eldredge).
She encounters the same problem at her first few job interviews - the men are interested in something other than her secretarial skills - so she dresses as dowdily as she can and gets hired by Joseph Morton (George Murphy).
Morton has invented a helicopter that is easy to fly and gotten financial backing from Nuboult (Paul Harvey).
Morton suspects Maisie is an industrial spy when he learns of her deception, but she convinces him she was merely trying to avoid romantic trouble.
He assures her she will have no such difficulty with him.
He is thrilled to learn that she worked during the war helping assemble the very bombers he himself flew, and introduces her to his men: World War II crew mates Mitch O'Hara (Murray Alper) and Bill Stuart (Lewis Howard), and college friend Tim Kingsby (Stephen McNally).
Then he sets her to work not only in the office, but also at welding and other assembly tasks.
Eventually, Maisie and Morton fall in love and become engaged.
Unbeknownst to Morton, Kingsby, Nuboult and Nuboult's daughter Barbara (Hillary Brooke) are scheming to steal his invention.
When Maisie notices that they are being billed for twice as many parts (the plotters are building a second copy of the prototype), Barbara invites her to a Sunday social at an exclusive club, where she spikes her drink.
Maisie ends up diving into the pool with her clothes on.
Feeling she is no good for Morton, Maisie goes into hiding.
Morton persuades Seattle tycoon Floyd Hendrickson (Ray Collins) to come to a demonstration at the Rose Bowl, while hiring a private detective to search for Maisie.
Then the plotters set their plan into motion, stealing the prototype and burning down the workshop with their copy inside.
Maisie becomes suspicious when Nuboult shows up with Morton's canceled contract immediately after the fire is put out.
When she cannot find in the wreckage the medals she welded to the helicopter for good luck, she guesses the truth.
She, Mitch and Bill follow Tim to where the real helicopter is stashed.
A fight breaks out when they try to get it back.
Maisie is told to take the helicopter up.
She manages to fly through Los Angeles to the Rose Bowl, where an impressed Hendrickson signs onto the project.
Celeste (Rashida Jones) and Jesse (Andy Samberg) are best friends who start dating in high school and eventually marry young.
Their relationship is shown in a photo montage; the montage ends with Celeste walking away from Jesse during a party.
Celeste and Jesse still get along well.
Celeste is a successful trend analyzer and runs her own media company with her partner, Scott (Elijah Wood).
Celeste's media company has just signed Riley Banks (Emma Roberts), a teen pop-star whom Celeste does not respect and had openly bashed during a previous television interview.
Jesse is an unemployed artist in no hurry to find a job.
Celeste decides to separate but promises to stay friends and date other people.
Jesse passively agrees, still in love with her and hoping for her to come back around.
Celeste and Jesse's continuing closeness after their separation and in the process of divorcing becomes increasingly annoying to their mutual engaged best friends, Beth (Ari Graynor) and Tucker (Eric Christian Olsen).
Beth tries to reason with the divorcing couple of the weirdness, but Celeste rationalizes that it is better for her and Jesse to maintain their friendship.
Even their other mutual friend Skillz (Will McCormack) agrees that it is time for the two to move on with their lives.
Celeste is at first content with her current situation until they spend a night together.
Realizing that a reconciliation is not possible, Jesse finally decides to move out while ignoring Celeste's apologies.
One day Jesse announces that his new girlfriend Veronica is pregnant, which does not sit well with Celeste.
She expresses her concern to Beth who questions her about having second thoughts with the divorce.
To distract herself, Celeste takes up exercising and dates other people.
During her date with Max (Rich Sommer), Celeste runs into Jesse.
The encounter becomes awkward for Celeste, but not for Max who finds Jesse to be a cool guy.
Having gone through his own divorce, Max then confronts her that she's not ready to be dating again and to take her time.
After a few more awkward dates with other men, Celeste meets Paul (Chris Messina) in yoga class and dresses him down for trying to hit on her but eventually warms up to him after meeting him again at a party.
In the meantime, Jesse takes on more responsibility for Veronica and their child and matures along the way.
Celeste realizes that her decision to divorce Jesse was impulsive and selfish, and wants to reunite with him.
They then fight about her controlling nature and his slacker ways and go their separate ways on bad terms.
Celeste later gets a call from Riley asking her to come over.
Celeste believes that Riley is angry over the logo she designed for her that unintentionally resembles a penis going into a butt.
The logo sparks controversy with her tween fanbase.
She arrives at Riley's house to find her in tears.
Riley reveals that she has had a secret boyfriend, who she discovered has been cheating on her.
They form an unexpected bond over their shared heartbreak and slowly become friends.
At a nightclub with Riley, Celeste realizes the logo appeals to Riley's gay fan base, and they could use this to make her the next Lady Gaga.
While walking with Riley, Celeste runs into Rupert (Rafi Gavron) a young, hot model she had rejected after an awkward date, and introduces him to Riley.
At Beth and Tucker's wedding, Celeste makes a toast.
She tells the newlyweds to appreciate each other, to be patient, and to try harder, like she should have.
This speech touches Jesse, and he thanks Celeste.
They are able to reconcile and become friends again.
On a karaoke date, Celeste informs Paul of her need to take some time to recover from the divorce, which he says he understands.
We then see Celeste and Jesse finally signing their divorce papers and laughing at each other's inside jokes.
Their lawyers look on, confused by their laughter.
Celeste wishes Jesse well.
She finally asks Jesse if he loves Veronica, to which he responds that he does.
Celeste encourages him to keep fighting for it and they have one last kiss.
Celeste begins to finally move on with her life and with Paul.
In Rio de Janeiro, Tati (Cléo Pires) meets her boyfriend Marcelo (Dudu Azevedo) on his birthday and he breaks-up with her, claiming that she is not romantic.
An unbalanced Tati enters the class of the biologist Conrado (Malvino Salvador) and hears his lesson about evolution, where he tells that modern women have destroyed years of evolution with their attitudes and lack of romanticism.
Later, Tati meets Conrado on the street and offers to work with him in his thesis.
Conrado teaches Tati the correct behavior of a woman and how to seduce her mate.
Meanwhile, Marcelo feels jealous about Conrado, who feels attracted by Tati and learns that his theory is not correct.
A love triangle is formed.
June Drew (Anne Shirley) is the daughter of widowed Christopher Drew (Herbert Marshall), who suffers in silence as his daughter tries to "match" him with every eligible woman in sight.
The plot is set in New York City over three days in the lives of 10 different characters who interact with each other in various sexual encounters which follows from one character to the next.
It begins when a young woman, named Julie (Condola Rashad), meets at a loft with her former anthropology professor, named Adam (Justin Kirk), where she tells him that she is a virgin and wants him to take her virginity.
Afterwords, the plot shifts to Adam who visits a tarot reader, named Erika (Jennifer Tilly), for advice on his sexual prowess and superstitions.
She performs a ritual on him to "cleanse" Adam of his sexual needs.
Erika then meets with Diego (Jason Day), a much younger bicycle messenger whom she meets for weekly sexual trysts in a Harlem apartment, where Diego confides in her that he is in love with another woman and Erika gives him advice on how to court her.
Diego then goes to the house of Laura (Paz de la Huerta), the woman he has a fixation on, where she invites him in, but tells him that she cannot have sex, for she has a bad heart and had surgery where she carries a large scar on her chest.
Diego tells her to accept her physical deformity as it is to feel accepted.
Laura then goes to her chiropractor, named Matt (Lee Pace) where she dresses up in revealing underwear and tries to seduce him, who at first refuses her advances, but eventually gives into them.
The next day, Matt visits Kim (Vahina Giocante), a young Frenchwoman he is dating, who reveals to him all about her own sexual active life with other men and women and of her comfort with it.
Kim works as a switchboard operator in a local answering service where a regular caller, named Julian (Thomas Sadoski), wants to meet with her for lunch the following day.
Unsure of the man he is, Kim has her girlfriend meet with him at a local cafe where she becomes uncomfortable of the way Julian hits it off with the other woman, so she reveals herself.
Julian understands Kim being unsure and they end up spending the night together in a threesome with Kim's girlfriend.
Julian is revealed to be a speechwriter who visits a call-girl, named Alice (Ingeborga Dapkunaite), on a weekly basis where she practices bondage acts on him.
Alice tells Julien that she is considering giving up her call-girl profession to open her own art gallery and cannot see him anymore.
Julian tries to persuade Alice not to give up on what she does best, but her mind is made up, and she walks out to spend alone time in her new artist studio.
Alice goes to a health spa where she meets and has a sexual encounter with a younger man, named Shawn (Ben Levin), in the steam room.
Shawn is rushed to the hospital after he slips and hits his head, and cannot remember the sexual encounter due to short-term memory loss.
Alice accompanies him to the hospital to tell Shawn that their encounter did happen.
After Shawn leaves the hospital, the events come full circle when he meets with his childhood friend, whom happens to be Julie.
He first tells Julie that he wants to have sex with her and Julie disapproves claiming it would be weird since they are best friends.
The next day they meet up and Julie decides she wants to try having sex and assumes Shawn is a virgin, he protests and says her reasons yesterday were valid and he is not a virgin but she does not believe it and convinces him to have sex on the rooftop.
The final scene is of Julie breaking her red bracelet she shared with her anthropology professor and her holding hands with Shawn while he reads a book.
When Catherine Terris's (Virginia Mayo) career in Hollywood hits the skids, she heads back to the site of her first great triumphs.
Broadway.
She takes the lead in a play which is being directed by Rick Sommers (Steve Cochran), the man who was both her Svengali and her lover.
Sommers is still bitter that she walked out on him to become the toast of Hollywood years earlier.
Can Terris and Sommers put aside their mutual animosity long enough to make a go of this production.
After the way things start off, it doesn't seem likely.
Jonah (Ryan Kwanten) is a young man without a care in the world.
At one of his parties, the power goes out because Jonah has not paid his electric bill, but it gets turned back on thanks to his neighbor.
Jonah meets up with Becky (Kathryn Beck) and they retreat up to his room away from the party, only for Becky to find a lump in Jonah's testicle.
Jonah goes to see a doctor, who reveals that Jonah has testicular cancer.
He tells Jonah that they can remove it in time, but Jonah's upset that he won't be able to father children.
The doctor suggests that Jonah uses a sperm bank in the event that he would like to have children after the operation.
Now at a sperm bank, Jonah is left in a room to privately produce his semen.
After he is finished, he returns home to his best friends and fellow party hosts, Stevie (Sarah Snook) and Gus (Ryan Corr).
When Stevie arrives home from work, Gus blurts out that Jonah has cancer, much to Jonah's dismay.
Gus asks if he would still like to have the party scheduled for the coming Friday, and Jonah allows them to keep the date, not wanting to explain his condition to party-goers.
Jonah receives a call from the sperm bank and goes in for a meeting.
The nurse explains that Jonah falls into a small percentage of men whose sperm cannot be frozen because of biological complications.
Jonah asks what other options there are, now very worried that he will never have children.
The nurse replies with, "Well, do you have a girlfriend.
"  Jonah then begins the complicated journey of finding a woman to carry his child.
He first approaches his ex-girlfriend Ava (Bojana Novakovic) who is disgusted with Jonah for even contacting her.
He then tries Becky (or "Stalker Becky" as Gus calls her) who rejects him by claiming she never thought of her and Jonah as a couple.
Jonah never tells the girls he asks that he has cancer.
Jonah goes back to the doctor to ask for more time and moves his operation three weeks.
Meanwhile, Gus, Stevie, and Jonah realize that hosting parties could be their job.
After the power went out in the earlier party and party-goers pitched in to help pay, Gus realizes that the three of them could make a weekly salary if they held a party once a week.
Jonah's first "paycheck" is worth over $700.
Jonah then begins making lists of all the women he has ever dated or known and asks them if they would ever consider after his child.
He is rejected by all the women he asks.
Stevie suggests adoption and Jonah looks into it, but soon figures out that in order to be a candidate for adoption you must have a clean health record, and Jonah has "cancer" written all over his.
After having no luck, Stevie suggests that Jonah try an "arrangement" with a woman.
Stevie says she knows of a lesbian couple at her work who were looking into sperm donation and sets up a meeting for Jonah.
The meeting does not go in Jonah's favour and the couple declines Jonah's offer.
Stevie suggests another woman at work who wants a child, but is not married and sets up a meeting with her too.
Although Jonah goes home with her, he ends up not sleeping with her.
He claims that he was too drunk to have sex and couldn't focus.
Stevie starts to like the idea of an arrangement, especially after Jonah claims that he would give his house to the woman who carried his child.
Stevie accidentally tips off Jonah that she would be interested in a deal and sends Jonah out of her room to think.
At the weekly party Stevie stays in her room, claiming that she has a migraine.
Jonah calls her and tells her that he would give her anything if she would carry the child.
The morning after the party, Jonah receives a text message from Stevie asking him to come to her room.
It is revealed that the whole night Stevie stayed up and wrote a contract concerning her and Jonah's deal.
Jonah reads through the contract and signs it and Stevie tells him that they have a four-day window that Stevie should be ovulating in.
They book a room at a cheap motel for the four days, with the final being two days before Jonah's operation.
Stevie and Jonah go to a pharmacy and buy a syringe because Stevie does not want to have sex with Jonah.
Back at the motel, Jonah accidentally breaks the syringe.
Stevie says that it should be okay, they just missed the first day of a four-day window.
Jonah is frustrated and Stevie gives in and says she is okay with natural.
They have sex, and for the rest of the four days they meet at the hotel, have sex, and then stagger their arrival at home so Gus doesn't notice.
On the fifth day while Stevie is at work, she gets her period.
She calls Jonah and asks him to meet her outside her work.
They get into a fight, with Stevie claiming she was happy her period came because she was having second thoughts anyway.
Jonah leaves, realizing he is out of time.
Stevie is absent at the party that night, but Gus has made a call to Ava.
Ava arrives at the party, first mad at Jonah for not telling her he had cancer and then says she would carry his child if he wanted.
They go upstairs to his room and have sex, but Jonah pulls out at the last moment because he realizes he is in love with Stevie.
Jonah leaves to go find her, hoping she is home.
Jonah asks Ava to stay in his room.
Jonah finds Stevie, but Ava comes out of Jonah's room and Stevie storms off, feeling betrayed.
Meanwhile, the police arrive to stop the party.
Jonah catches up to Stevie and tells her that he loves her, but Stevie leaves.
The next morning, Jonah's sister comes to pick him and Gus up for the operation.
Jonah is sad at first, but Stevie does show up for moral support.
Stevie tells Jonah (in front of Gus, who never suspected anything going on between them) that she thought Jonah would make a great father and he should look into sperm donation or adoption with her.
They kiss and Jonah is wheeled away into the operating room.
The final line of the movie is, "What the f***".
Said by a very confused Gus.
Lucky Fritz was hit by a lightning strike twice.
That's why he is called "Lucky" Fritz.
He lives on the countryside and works in a small café.
Besides waiting on people he earns a little extra money by selling local guests worms for angling.
One day his best friend tells him the famous actress Leslie Lutrell is about to shoot a film in the surroundings of their little town.
His friend craves to meet the star and even tries to prepare for that by torturing himself with a "slim belt".
But Lucky Fritz only cares for Gretchen, the local beauty.
Against all odds Lucky Fritz is hit by a lightning strike for a third time.
Unfortunately there are after-effects.
His skin has become magnetic and his mere touch makes people being infatuated with him.
When the capricious Leslie Lutrell spontaneously visits his café, she also falls for him.
Leslie Lutrell openly shows his affection for him but Lucky Fritz doesn't trust his magic skill.
In spite of his reluctance Leslie still pursues him.
Lucky Fritz is anxious Gretchen might get the wrong impression.
He is also terrified by paparazzi and by Leslie's jealous boy-friend.
Eventually Leslie has him hired as a supporting actor.
Lucky Fritz starts to behave as if he was a star.
Now Gretchen is clearly disgusted and Leslie must return to Hollywood for a preliminary report.
While Leslie and Lucky are separated, the effects of his magic touch fade off and henceforth she will refuse to let him touch her.
Lucky feels like he was cursed and tries to get hit by a lightning strike once again for he hopes that might restore his normality and give him finally a chance to win Gretchen's heart.
The title refers to the leading character, the post mistress Christel, in Carl Zeller's 1891 operetta.
When a dog walker agrees to housesit for a wealthy client with a penthouse apartment, he is mistaken for the apartment's owner by a dog-loving neighbor.
Tired of supporting his freeloading nephew, Max's uncle arranges an introduction between Max and an old friend who has a farm and two unmarried daughters.
Max's uncle suggests the eldest daughter as a good match, but she fears that Max will be more interested in her younger sister.
So, it is arranged that during Max's visit, the younger daughter would be disguised as the maid.
Unfortunately, Max is immediately taken by the maid.
As a distraction, a tour of the farm is suggested, during which Max takes every opportunity to sneak away to see the maid as she performs chores such as milking the cow.
Max gets separated in an attempt to hide his attentions to the maid from the father and ultimately finds his way back to the main house where he finds the maid on the father's lap.
Max reacts with outrage, and the father reveals the deception.
With everything cleared up, Max proposes to the youngest daughter and she and the father accept.
At this point, the eldest daughter rejoins the group and is angry to learn that despite her precautions, her fears were realized after all.
Max entreats her for forgiveness and she relents.
Don and Ellie Griffin were a New England couple married for twenty years before they divorced.
They have three children from their marriage – Lyla, Jared, and adopted son Alejandro, who originates from Colombia.
In preparation for Alejandro's wedding, Ellie arrives at Don's (and her old) home, and lets herself in.
She interrupts Don just as he is about to perform sex on Bebe, his girlfriend of eight years (and Ellie's former best friend).
All are embarrassed, but they make small talk, and he shows Ellie to her room.
Meanwhile, Alejandro and his fiancée Missy are meeting with Father Moinighan, the priest who will be marrying them.
It is revealed that Alejandro's biological mother Madonna is going to be coming from Colombia to the wedding, which upsets Alejandro since he does not have a "traditional" family, and his Catholic mother would not approve of that or the fact that Don and Ellie had been divorced.
Lyla, who reveals she is separated, goes to the hospital and sees her 29-year-old brother Jared, an OB, after passing out.
They talk and it is revealed that he is a virgin and is waiting for the "right one".
Back at home, Alejandro tells Ellie about his mother coming to the wedding.
Explaining that since she is a devout Catholic and doesn't believe in divorce, Alejandro asks Ellie and Don to pretend to be married for the next three days.
Hearing this, Bebe becomes upset and leaves the house, clearly upset at Don.
Alejandro's mother arrives with his biological 20-year-old sister, Nuria.
Later, Nuria flirts with Jared, after she brazenly strips naked to skinnydip in the family's lake as he watches.
That evening, the family goes out to dinner with Missy and her parents Muffin and Barry, and Bebe shows up as their waitress, which surprises everyone.
Meanwhile, Nuria starts fondling Jared under the table, and Ellie sees Nuria giving Jared a handjob.
She brings Nuria to the restroom for a chat, telling her that American women behave differently with men.
When they arrive home, Jared tells Nuria he wants to have sex, as she had suggested earlier, but she tells him "No", asking him instead to do romantic things for her such as read her poetry.
Don and Ellie, meanwhile, end up having sex after Ellie, still pretending to be Don's wife, sleeps in Don's room.
Ellie and Madonna go for a walk in the woods and talk.
Neither understands the other's language, though they think they are communicating on some level.
At the same time, Don and Lyla talk privately and Lyla reveals she is pregnant.
On the wedding day, before the ceremony, Don tells Bebe he had sex with Ellie.
Bebe says she forgives them but then punches him in the face.
She also reveals that Ellie cheated on Don with Missy's father before Don cheated on her.
Muffin says that she knows about Ellie and Barry, and tells them that she is bisexual, implying that she is interested in a sexual affair with both Bebe and Ellie.
Meanwhile, Missy and Alejandro have decided to get married on the family dock to escape the chaos.
The family runs after them and, after some of them fall into the lake, the wedding reception is on.
During the reception, Jared goes upstairs to talk to Nuria, who tells him she has decided to no longer follow Ellie's advice (about not being so available sexually), and they sleep together.
Back at the reception, Ellie and Bebe have made up.
Don surprises Bebe by proposing to her, and they get married on the spot.
Lyla's husband Andrew arrives at the wedding and, upon finding out that Lyla is pregnant, reconciles with her.
Alejandro's mother realizes she has been lied to about his family and he runs after her as she starts to leave.
But she reveals that her own past was not as pure as he thought, that she too had lied to protect him, and she forgives him.
Time passes and it is revealed that Lyla has had a daughter named Jane, as Don attaches a plaque with her name to their family tree.
Sheila Moore (Gish) takes a job at a candy store to support her father, an out-of-work vaudevillian.
She attracts the romantic attentions of the store owner's son Tom (Barthalmess) and marries him, incurring the wrath of Tom's parents.
Billy, Paddy, Archie and Sam are childhood friends from Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York, who are now living in their senior years.
Sam and his wife Miriam are living mundane lives in Naples, Florida.
Archie, twice-divorced and recovering from a minor stroke, lives with his overprotective son Ezra and his family in Englewood, New Jersey.
Paddy lives alone in his Brooklyn apartment, a curmudgeon in grief since the death of his wife, Sophie, over a year ago.
Billy is a successful entrepreneur in Malibu, California, who lives with his 31-year-old girlfriend Lisa.
Shortly after proposing to Lisa, Billy finds an old bottle of scotch he and his friends stole in their childhood days and calls Sam and Archie, who immediately propose a bachelor party for Billy in Las Vegas before his wedding that weekend.
After being given permission by Miriam to cheat on her, Sam collects Archie and Paddy and fly off to rendezvous with Billy in Vegas.
Arriving in Vegas, Billy and Paddy get into a heated argument about Billy's failure to attend Sophie's funeral.
They head to Binion's Gambling Hall and Hotel to check in, only to realize that the hotel is closed for renovations.
They agree to try the Aria Resort and Casino, where the wedding will be held.
Before leaving Binion's they are attracted to the lounge by the singing voice of Diana, who is immediately charmed by their appreciation of her singing.
The five share a drink, and they convince Diana to join them at The Aria.
While waiting to get rooms, Archie goes to a blackjack table and has a brief altercation with a cocky gambler named Dean.
Archie buys chips with $15,000 (half of his pension funds), planning to enjoy his escape from medical worries.
When Paddy and Sam return, they find that Archie is up to $102,000, and they quickly leave the table in fear of being accused of card counting.
Meanwhile, as Billy tours the wedding chapel with Diana, he becomes charmed with her as she explains to him that she moved to Vegas because she was recently laid off as a tax attorney in Atlanta and always wanted to sing despite being a divorced empty nester.
The quartet later become judges of a wild swimsuit competition.
They are then confronted by the casino manager, who offers the group his largest penthouse suite for free, in hopes that Archie will stay and spend his winnings at the hotel.
They are assigned Lonnie (who is disappointed because the original person staying in the room was going to be 50 cent) is their host/butler.
Billy suggests they open the old bottle of scotch to celebrate the gang's reunion, but Paddy confronts him about his absence from Sophie’s funeral and leaves the suite.
That night, the remaining three go to the Aria's popular nightclub, where they accept the bouncer's suggestion that they earn immediate entrance by purchasing $1,800 bottle service, using some of Archie's winnings.
There, Billy and Sam talk with the bachelorette and her maid-of-honor from a bachelorette party while Archie goes dancing.
Dean comes by and begins groping the bachelorette and is confronted by Archie, Billy and Sam.
Dean attempts to throw a punch at Billy but is knocked down by Paddy, who stopped by to give Archie his cell phone due to several missed calls from his son Ezra.
The next day, while the others are hungover and recovering, Paddy visits Diana and tells her that he and Billy were both in love with Sophie when they were younger and she picked Paddy.
Diana catches his eye while she tries to convince him to stop grieving and move on with life because Sophie would want it.
Afterwards, Paddy joins Billy at their pool cabana and admits he needs to move on from Sophie’s passing while also showing concern for Billy about marrying a younger woman.
The others join in and decide to throw a big bachelor party in their suite that night.
Lonnie brings Dean to the cabana to apologize for his behavior, having convinced him that the quartet are mafia members from the East Coast called “The Flatbush Four.
” Dean, fearing for his life, agrees to become their errand boy for the day.
With Lonnie and Dean's help, they prepare for the party and invite several people including the bachelorette group from the nightclub, exotic dancers, a band of transvestite entertainers, and cast members of Zarkana.
While the others prepare his party, Billy visits Diana.
She admits that she is fond of him, and asks if he truly loves Lisa.
As they walk along The Strip, Billy tells Diana that Paddy gave Sophie an ultimatum to choose either Billy or him and she secretly chose Billy first, but Billy told Sophie that she was meant to be with Paddy.
The bachelor party goes into full force as Paddy gets ready to be social again, finally removing his wedding ring.
Sam meets the maid of honor from the night before, who begins flirting with him to his delight.
Archie dances with the bachelorette, strippers, transvestites, then gives advice to Dean on how he, too, can meet women properly.
Archie is surprised by a worried Ezra, who tracked Archie's cell phone.
Archie convinces him to calm down and enjoy this chance for some special father-son time.
Sam and the maid of honor head upstairs to be alone, where he encourages and enjoys her seductive ways but eventually turns down sex, realizing that he tells Miriam about all the wonderful things that happen in his life, and telling her about this soon-to-be wonderful moment would devastate her.
Paddy tells Billy he invited Diana to the party because he likes her and wants to start anew after Sophie’s passing, but realizes Billy likes her too.
When Diana arrives, Billy pushes Paddy into the decorative pool in the suite and takes Diana upstairs to tell her that Paddy likes her and to give him a chance.
She states that she feels like she is being treated like Sophie and “gifted” by Billy to Paddy, which Paddy overhears.
Paddy is devastated to learn about Sophie's choice and throws the old bottle of scotch in the trash as he leaves the party.
The next morning, Paddy confronts Billy at the pool and tells him he does not love Lisa like Paddy loved Sophie and that the wedding must be stopped.
As Lisa and her bridesmaids arrive, Paddy pushes Billy into the pool and tells Lisa that Billy is calling off the wedding.
Billy and Lisa talk it out and Lisa leaves with her bridesmaids.
As the guys pack up to leave, Billy comes to terms with his age and admits his fear of getting old and being alone.
They come together as friends again and tell Billy to go see Diana.
Billy shows up at the lounge where Diana is singing and reveals his feelings for her.
The guys say their goodbyes to Dean and Lonnie and finally decide to crack open the old bottle of scotch for a final toast.
A couple months later, Billy and Diana call Archie and Paddy to announce they are getting married.
They try to call Sam but he is unable to answer the phone as he is busy in bed with Miriam.
Preparing himself for college life, Andy Hardy (Mickey Rooney) promises himself to put an end to his flirting ways and attempts to organize his finances by selling his old car.
Things become complicated when his love interest Polly (Ann Rutherford) introduces him to a seductive psychology student (Esther Williams), while his friends continue to delay the payment for his automobile.
Andy also tries his best to help his sister Marian (Cecilia Parker) with her own relationship problems and takes an interest in assisting his father Judge Hardy (Lewis Stone) with a complicated case involving an injured boy (Bobby Blake).
Overworked World War II riveter Maisie Ravier (Ann Sothern) becomes irritable and starts involuntarily winking at people, so the factory's doctor prescribes a two-week vacation with pay.
She runs into her friend and bandleader Tommy Cutter (Chick Chandler), who wants her to sing for two weeks in Reno.
When she goes to the bus station, she encounters Sergeant Bill Fullerton (Tom Drake), who is also going to Reno.
He wants to stop his wealthy wife, Gloria (Ava Gardner), from divorcing him.
When his leave is canceled because his unit is relocating, he begs Maisie to deliver a letter to Gloria in person.
In Reno, blackjack dealer "Flip" Hennahan (John Hodiak) knows where Gloria is staying and drives Maisie to the isolated resort.
However, Maisie is fooled into believing that Gloria's private secretary, "Wini" Ashbourne, is Gloria.
Wini and Gloria's business manager, Roger Pelham (Paul Cavanagh), want the divorce to go through for their own (never explained) reasons.
They get Clave (Bernard Nedell) to forge another letter to give Gloria the impression that Bill only married her for her money.
In between her blossoming romance with Flip, Maisie discovers she has been duped and sets out to get evidence to convince Gloria that she is being manipulated.
She obtains a blotter on which Clave practiced his forgery, but Clave finds out and the crooked trio retrieve the evidence and burn it.
Meanwhile, the confused Flip starts thinking that Maisie is having a nervous breakdown.
When Bill telephones Maisie, she strongly urges him to come to Reno before it is too late.
Meanwhile, she enlists love-smitten hotel bellboy Jerry into helping kidnap Gloria.
She gets caught, but Flip convinces the police that Maisie is not in her right mind and has her released into his custody.
When Bill shows up, however, Maisie rushes off with him to the courthouse, where husband and wife are reunited and everything is sorted out.
Gish plays Janice, a wealthy girl whose fortune has been entrusted to two trust company vice presidents (the "official fathers" of the title).
One of the vice presidents proposes marriage to the girl, but Janice also finds herself accepting the proposal of the other vice president's son.
Confused over who she prefers, she retracts her acceptance of both proposals and becomes engaged to a bank teller.
When the true motives of her three would-be suitors come to light, Janice makes the right decision about who to marry.
Peter Darby is an electrician sent on a call to the home of wealthy Jimmy Farnsworth.
While there, Farnsworth is telling his friend, George Van Horne, that any two people can fall in love, under the right circumstances.
When George expresses his skepticism, Jimmy bets him $5,000 that he can prove his contention.
George agrees, on the condition that he can choose the two people, to which Jimmy also agrees.
For the woman, much to the chagrin of Jimmy, George selects Betty Duncan, a bored socialite acquaintance of the two, who seems much more interested in solitary pursuits than men.
When George is seemingly having difficulty deciding on the man, his eyes alight on Peter, who he selects.
Jimmy, eager to win the bet as well as prove his theory, is not content with simply allowing nature to take its course.
He approaches Peter and gets him to agree to woo Betty, posing as a member of the upper classes, in exchange for $2,500 and Jimmy's financing of the wooing.
When Jimmy takes Peter to be fitted with new clothes suitable for Jimmy's high society circle, Peter meets Joan Bently, a woman whom Jimmy has repeatedly asked to marry him without success.
Mistaking her for the target of the bet, Peter becomes excited, but Jimmy fervently corrects him.
Under the pretense of being Jimmy's friend, Peter reluctantly sets about romancing Betty at Jimmy's estate.
Jimmy's schemes to help the two to warm up, as he provides flowers, a violinist, and other mood enhancers, such as scenting the parlor with perfume, and leaving a collection of Shelley's poems out.
However, Betty is more interested in Brooks, Jimmy's butler.
As time goes on, Peter gives in to his strong attraction to Joan.
At first believing he is just like all the other blase wealthy idlers of her acquaintance, she warms to him when he reveals his zest for life.
Encouraged, he reveals his humble status and manages to persuade her to leave with him the next morning.
However, when Jimmy tells her that Peter has been romancing Betty, she thinks he is just a lying womanizer.
Peter forces Jimmy to admit in front of everyone what had really gone on, then leaves.
He is delighted when he finds Joan waiting for him in the taxi.
Geoffrey Clarke is a poor poet, who has his eyes on the fortune of a rich widow, Alice Frayne, in order to keep him in the lifestyle he feels he deserves.
Geoffrey is pursued, however, by the young and lovely, yet poor, Monica Grey.
Monica, in turn, is pursued by the chemist, Austin Lowe.
When Geoffrey tells Monica that she would be better off with Austin, she is disdainful of the suggestion.
Undaunted, he sets the two of them up to have dinner at Geoffrey's apartment.
During the dinner, Monica is completely unimpressed with Austin, but when she discovers that Alice has been financially supporting Geoffrey, out of spite she agrees to marry Austin.
Regretting her decision, later, when she learns that Alice intends to marry Geoffrey, Monica becomes desperate and falsely accuses Geoffrey in front of the others of having ruined her.
This causes Alice to break off her engagement with Geoffrey.
However, it has a drastic effect on Austin, who gets a pistol and takes a very poorly aimed shot at Geoffrey.
Standing up for her honor causes Monica to re-evaluate her feelings for Austin, and she agrees, this time for real, to marry him.
When the falsity of Monica's claim is revealed, Geoffrey and Alice reconcile as well.
Sylvia Brenner (Constance Bennett) is a plain secretary sharing an apartment with two other girls, one of whom is her friend Annie (ZaSu Pitts).
Her economic condition is meager, but she makes do with what she has.
She works for a womanizing divorce attorney, Gaylord Stanton (Kenneth MacKenna), who only dates married women; he has no intention of ever getting married and sees wives as safe, since they already have husbands.
But Sylvia is secretly in love with Gaylord.
When the woman he is fooling around with, Grace Lawrence (Rita La Roy), decides to leave her husband in order to marry Gaylord, he panics.
In order to avoid having to deal with the matrimonial pursuits of any of his potential dalliances, he offers a business proposal to Sylvia whereby he will provide her with financial remuneration if she will marry him in name only.
She agrees.
After the sham wedding, Sylvia is sent off to Paris by Gaylord, to get her out of the way so he can continue his nightly debauchery.
In Paris, she uses her money to do a serious makeover of herself.
While there, she also meets her boss's old friend, Reggie Durant (Basil Rathbone), who falls in love with her.
Reggie is a sophisticated European, who introduces Sylvia to the enticements of the European lifestyle, to which she is attracted.
When Reggie asks Sylvia to divorce Gaylord so that she can marry him, she is tempted, but confused, and returns home.
Returning to the States, everyone takes notice of the transformed Sylvia.
Although there is a brief hiccup, as Grace puts forth a full-court offensive to win over Gaylord, Gaylord and Sylvia end up realizing that they are in love with each other.
As described in a film magazine, Barbara Archibald (Clark) objects to being pushed into the background and, to give her family something to think about, declares that she is in love and is about to be married and end it all.
She is amazed of the effect of her remark and thereupon invents a name for her lover and buys a photograph of a likely looking chap to impersonate him.
Matters become complicated when Carter Brooks (Barrie), an old friend of the family, announces to Bab that he knows her new found friend and promises to bring him to a party so Bab can meet him.
He also volunteers to deliver an impassioned love note she penned to her imaginary sweetheart Valentine, the name she had selected for him.
An actor made up like the photograph is introduced to Bab and persists in his attentions until she flees from the house.
She thinks of the love note and goes to the actor's apartment to secure it.
An alarm is raised and she is found by the police apparently drowning in the bathtub, into which she had fallen.
Matters are straightened up at home and she is sent back to school in disgrace.
The intertitles for the film are excerpts from Bab's diary which added to its amusement.
As described in a film magazine, Bab's father (Losee) decides to give her an allowance of $1,000 per year with nothing extra.
Bab (Clark), believing herself in possession of a small fortune, buys violets for all of her teachers and an automobile for herself, spending the remaining funds for its upkeep.
After balancing her books she finds that she has 16 cents left for the year.
However, her father is right there to help her out.
She is anxious to see her sister Leila (Greene) married off so that she will be treated as a young woman.
Bab mistakes the young man interested in her sister for a burglar and interferes with her sister's elopement.
Disgusted at her failure to assist Leila, Bab retires, not knowing that she saved her sister from the hands of a fortune hunter.
Brandy Klark (Aubrey Plaza), from Boise, Idaho, is an overachieving but socially awkward teenager who graduates as the valedictorian of her high school in 1993.
After the ceremony, Brandy's two best friends, Wendy (Sarah Steele) and Fiona (Alia Shawkat), take Brandy to a party, where she gets drunk for the first time.
Brandy makes out with a muscular college boy she has a crush on named Rusty Waters (Scott Porter).
Since the room is dark, he mistakes Brandy for someone else and when he realizes who she is, he rejects her.
Brandy blames her lack of sexual experience and resolves to learn all about sex over the summer to prepare for college.
She decides that her end-of-summer goal will be to have sex with Rusty to complete her "To Do List".
Brandy gets a job at the pool as a lifeguard to be close to Rusty and her study-buddy Cameron Mitchell (Johnny Simmons).
As the newbie, she is hazed by her slacker boss, Willy (Bill Hader) and her other co-workers by being given the most unpleasant jobs.
Brandy is told to clean waste from the pool that appears to be feces.
She assumes her co-workers are playing a prank on her, based on the Baby Ruth joke from the film Caddyshack, so she takes a bite only to find out it is actual feces.
As revenge, she pushes Willy, who does not know how to swim, into the pool.
She agrees to teach him how to swim in exchange for ending the hazing.
Brandy gets advice from her sister, Amber (Rachel Bilson), her mother, her two best friends, while her father, a conservative judge, is uncomfortable with the talk of sex.
Using this information, she makes a "to do list" of sexual acts to learn and perform.
As the summer progresses, Brandy has several sexual encounters with Cameron and other boys, all while trying to catch Rusty's eye.
Cameron begins to fall in love with her but is crushed after discovering her list and realizing he was just part of her "mission".
Willy catches Brandy, Wendy, Fiona, and adult members of a male grunge band in the pool after hours.
Brandy is sent home where she is confronted by Cameron over the list.
Cameron leaves in a huff and Brandy cries.
Duffy (Christopher Mintz-Plasse), an ex-boyfriend of Wendy's, comes over to comfort her and the two hookup.
When Wendy and Fiona come over to watch the film Beaches with Brandy, they discover her list and see the list of boys with whom she had experimented.
They get upset after finding out that Brandy hooked up with one of their ex-boyfriends and leave angrily.
They declare that Brandy has failed to put "hoes before bros" and call her a slut.
Brandy finally gets close to Rusty when they vandalize a rival pool, but they get caught because Brandy leaves her bra, with her name on it and Willy fires her.
Brandy asks out Rusty, and he takes her to a popular make-out spot to have sex, but the sex is brief.
She sees her father and mother in the Dodge Caravan next to them having sex, causing her to freak out and demand that Rusty take her home immediately.
Willy goes to the Klark house to stop Brandy from having sex with Rusty, but is met at the door by Amber, who seduces him.
When Rusty and Brandy arrive home, a jealous Cameron is there to meet him with a sucker-punch, and they fight until Brandy breaks it up.
She compliments them on their good qualities, apologizes sincerely to Cameron for using him, and offers her own view of sex.
Afterward, she seeks out Wendy and Fiona to apologize to them.
She sings "Wind Beneath My Wings" at Wendy's door, and the two girls join in, forgiving her.
Brandy meets with Willy at the pool, and he offers her his job if she comes back next summer as he has quit to follow the Grateful Dead.
In the fall, Brandy and Cameron meet again at Georgetown University.
Brandy apologizes to Cameron.
They have various forms of sex and Brandy finally achieves orgasm, the last thing on her list, just as her father walks in on them.
As described in a film magazine, Bab (Clark) is in love with Adrian (Steele), an actor, and cuts his picture out of a newspaper and worships it.
An epidemic of measles breaks out and Bab is sent home.
A few days later Bab learns that the play with her idol is in town, so she borrows money to see a performance with her hero.
She writes him a note, and he invites her into his dressing room.
She learns that unless the show gets more publicity, it will close.
She arranges with Carter Brooks (Barrie) and her father (Losee) for Adrian to apply for work at her father's ammunition factory, and after he is thrown out the story will be in the newspapers.
However, the Honorable Page Beresford (Chadwick), who is after Bab's sister Leila's (Greene) hand and fortune, arrives at the factory to place an order for shells and, mistaken for Adrian, gets thrown out.
When the real Adrian applies for work, he is hired and not allowed to leave, and misses the matinee performance.
His irate wife, searching for Adrian, soon puts matters right.
Bab succumbs to the measles and the revelation that Adrian is married completely shatters her thoughts of romance, at least for the time being.
Attorney Alan Ward (Paul Page) is fed up with the reckless behavior of spoiled heiress Kay Elliott (Alice White) &ndash; the daughter of the head of his law firm &ndash; who is in love with him.
Stung by his rejection, she eventually tells him to "Go jump in the lake".
Seeing a chance to make up the money they lost in the stock market crash, a fortune-hunting brother and sister, Jack and Linda Gregory (Douglas Gilmore and Myrna Loy), get Kay to agree to marry Jack.
At the altar, she announces that she still loves Alan, and he comes to his senses and realizes he loves her too.
Jon Martello is a young Italian American and modern-day Don Juan living in New Jersey, with a short list of things he cares about: "my body, my pad, my ride, my family, my church, my boys, my girls, my porn".
Though he has a very active sex life, he is more sexually satisfied by viewing pornography and masturbating, which enables him to "lose himself".
On a night out with his two best friends, Bobby and Danny, Jon sees Barbara Sugarman, a young Jewish woman from a more affluent background.
Although she finds him interesting, she declines his offer for a one-night stand.
He tracks her down on Facebook and invites her to lunch.
There is mutual attraction, but Barbara insists on a long-term courtship, which proceeds for over a month without sex.
She encourages Jon to take night classes to get an office job outside the service industry, and Jon indulges her love for romance movies, which he usually dismisses as unrealistic fantasy.
They meet each other's families and Jon's parents love her.
The two have sex, but Jon is still dissatisfied.
He loves Barbara and considers her body perfect, but still finds pornography more satisfying.
While Barbara sleeps, Jon watches pornography.
Barbara catches him and is shocked.
She prepares to leave Jon, but he denies that he watches pornography and claims it was a joke emailed to him by a friend.
Their relationship resumes, with Jon watching pornography primarily outside his apartment, concealing his habit from Barbara.
He is caught watching a video on his cell phone before a class by Esther, a middle-aged woman Jon earlier encountered weeping by herself at the college.
Jon politely brushes her off.
Barbara continues asserting control over him, insisting that cleaning his own apartment, a task Jon finds satisfying, is not something she is comfortable with him doing.
Barbara later checks the browser history on Jon's computer, confronts him with proof that he has continued viewing pornography, and ends their relationship.
Jon tries to return to his old lifestyle, but ends up in a downward spiral.
Esther continues reaching out to Jon, offering him the benefit of her experience.
She lends him an erotic video that she believes has a more realistic depiction of sexual relations.
He responds by initiating a sexual encounter in her parked car.
She persuades Jon to try masturbating without pornography, but he is unable to.
She invites him to her home where she reveals that the reason he is more satisfied with watching pornography than with having sex is that pornography is a one-sided affair.
If Jon wants to lose himself, he has to be willing to lose himself to another person and she has to be willing to lose herself to him.
Esther counsels Jon about the need for sex to be a mutual experience, and reveals that her husband and son died in a car accident fourteen months previously.
With her, Jon forms an emotional sexual connection that does not leave him restless to watch pornography.
Jon tells his family about the break-up with Barbara: while they are displeased, his sister Monica states that Barbara never cared about Jon and was just dating him because she knew she could manipulate him to her will.
Jon later meets with Barbara and apologizes for lying to her about the pornography.
Barbara says she asked one thing of him and he failed.
Jon replies she asked many things of him and he could not meet her expectations.
She tells him to never contact her again, as he sees how shallow she is and realizes he is better off without her.
Jon begins dating Esther.
Even though neither has any interest in getting married and Jon denies he is in love, he believes he really understands Esther and that they can get emotionally lost in each other.
Automobile engineer Ed Browne (Sonny Tufts) comes to Washington to appear in front of the War Construction Board.
His mission is to supervise the building of bomber aircraft for the war.
But when he arrives at the crowded hotel he is supposed to stay at, there are no rooms available.
A friendly clerk at the hotel recognizes him from the paper and offers him room 2A.
Ed is unaware that the same room is reserved by Elizabeth "Smokey" Allard (Olivia de Havilland), for her friend May (Anne Shirley) who is getting married to an army sergeant, Joe Bates (James Dunn), that very night.
The wedding takes place in the hotel lobby, but the groom has lost his ring, and Smokey borrows one from Ed, which leads him to believe that Smokey is the woman getting married.
A series of unfortunate events that night leads to Joe being arrested byPs, and he leaves a borrowed motorcycle behind in the hands of Smokey.
Smokey tries to find someone who can return the bike, and Ed happens to pass by on his way to the War Construction Board.
When Smokey tells him she works at the board, he agrees to drive her there.
It turns out Ed is Smokey's new boss.
He learns that she is dating a man named Dana McGuire (Jess Barker), who is an adviser to Senator MacVickers (Harry Davenport).
Dana soon proves to be too egoistical and ambitious for Smokey's taste.
When Ed announces his plan to make the aircraft factories more effective, producing double the amount of bombers each year, Smokey warns him not to stray too far off government recommendations.
He ignores her warning, and goes ahead with his efficiency plan.
When six months have passed, Ed has reached his goal, but he has also made enemies.
One of them is Harvester (Paul Stanton), who has become a thorn in his side because of the way Ed has ignored government procedures, and cutting into Harvester's business earnings.
The two men become bitter enemies.
Harvester soon teams up with Dana, the senator, and powerful Washington socialite Adele Wright (Agnes Moorehead), threatening Ed with a Senate investigation.
Ed has enough trouble with personal issues, realizing that he has fallen for Smokey, while she has already received a proposed from Dana.
Smokey, however, by burning the information Harvester has brought to Dana, saves Ed's career.
When her friend May sees this, she claims that Smokey has fallen in love with Ed.
The two women then are recruited by the government to expose Count Bodinski (George Givot) as a spy.
The mission is successful, with the files that Ed was suspected of stealing being returned to Dana the following day by Smokey.
She also testifies on Ed's behalf at the hearing.
Ed is off the hook, and follows Smokey home to propose to her.
Tim Kelly (James Ellison) is a Texan in the oil business who travels to Argentina to bid for some land.
When his bid is unsuccessful, he teams up with colleague Duke Ferrell (Buddy Ebsen) to buy their employer a successful racehorse, Lucero, in the hope that this will compensate for the failed bid.
Tim falls in love with Lolita O'Shea (Maureen O'Hara), the daughter of the racehorse's owner, Don Enrique (Robert Barrat).
Don Enrique is against selling Lucero, but when he realises his daughter is in love with Tim, he offers him the racehorse on the condition that he immediately returns to the USA.
When Lolita realises Tim has left, she pursues him on horseback.
Mary Peppertree (Deanna Durbin) starts a new job as a telephone operator at the White House, where her father Timothy has been working as a guard for many years.
A former Supreme Court telephone operator, Mary takes her first call from David Paxton (Don Taylor), a fishing expert who insists on speaking to the President about a political issue involving a small Pacific island.
After hanging up on him twice, Mary spends the rest of her day fielding calls from various Supreme Court justices who attempt to reconcile her with her former fiancé, Phillip Manning (Jeffrey Lynn), a Justice Department attorney.
Later that night, Mary meets Justice Peabody (Harry Davenport) at a restaurant to discuss her breakup with Phillip, who is also there.
After resisting their efforts to reunite her with Phillip, Mary tells Phillip that she broke their engagement not because she saw him with another woman, but because she was not jealous about it.
Their conversation about her hard day at the White House fending off calls from the "fish peddler" is overheard by David, who assures Mary that he will speak to the President, despite her interference.
The next morning at the White House gate, David attempts to bribe Mary with flowers and candy, only to have them thrown back into his face.
Later, at the switchboard, Mary receives a call from the President.
When Mary hiccups into the phone, the President sends his executive secretary, Harvey Elwood (Ray Collins), to check on her condition and offers her a paper bag to breathe into.
When Phillip calls expecting to drive her to Justice Peabody's party that night, she declines, not wanting to resume their relationship.
Later, as she is leaving work, Mary must drive David off the White House grounds to prevent his arrest.
Mary asks David to escort her to the party, offering to introduce him to the President's secretary in exchange for the favor.
Meanwhile, the President, having overheard Mary telling Phillip that she would rather stay home than attend the party with him, sends lt Tom Farrington (Edmond O'Brien), a naval aide at the White House, to escort Mary.
At the party, they cause a stir and not a little jealousy in Phillip.
After a pleasant evening of singing around the piano, Tom escorts Mary home, where she notices they're being watched.
After she kisses Tom goodnight and he leaves, she is confronted by David, who's been waiting on the porch all night.
David kisses a startled Mary, who starts to hiccup again.
The next day, when the President learns that Mary was upset about not keeping her date with David, he calls the fishing expert himself to express his regrets.
Later over lunch, Mary tells David she will arrange a meeting for him with Phillip who can help him with his political issue.
That afternoon at the Peppertree home, Tom arrives with presidential orders to take Mary to a White House movie screening.
When Phillip learns that Mary is with Tom, he questions David about his relationship with Mary.
The frustrated marine biologist announces he is leaving town and that everyone in Washington seems to have a "Mary Peppertree fixation".
Meanwhile, Tom's friend, newspaper publisher Samuel Litchfield (Frank Conroy), complains to Elwood about Tom's involvement with Mary, a mere switchboard operator.
When Mary and Tom arrive together at the restaurant, the owner, Gustav Heindel (Hugo Haas), tells Elwood he saw Mary kissing David.
Elwood decides to handle the matter with the Navy personally.
Phillip offers to put the Justice Department on the case and promises to clear up the matter in two days.
That night, at Elwood's request, David takes Mary out on a date in Tom's place.
After kissing David, Mary breaks out in hiccups, a sign that she is in love.
When Phillip and Tom show up, a jealous David leaves in anger, believing she is also seeing them.
The next morning, Mary receives calls from Gustav and the Supreme Court justices congratulating her on her engagement to Phillip, and a call from the President congratulating her on her engagement to Tom.
When Elwood learns that David is not technically a citizen of the United States, he has the young man arrested for illegally entering the country.
Elwood soon discovers, however, that the Pacific island on which David was born and holds a deed is home to a strategic military base.
If David is declared an alien, the Navy could be forced to move.
Later that day, everyone arrives at Gustav's restaurant to try to resolve the issue.
After meeting with the President's advisors, David fashions a Senate resolution for the American annexation of his island if Phillip and Tom are given appointments far from Washington, and he and Gustav are made United States citizens.
The government readily agrees, and when Mary calls the President with the good news, David interrupts her conversation with a kiss, causing both of them to hiccup.
As described in a film publication, Sylvester Tibble (Reid), a country yokel, comes to New York City to work at his uncle Enoch Jones's (Hatton) jug business for $6 per week and earns extra money dancing at a jazz cabaret.
He becomes the dance partner of Junie Budd (Daniels).
They soon find romance while performing Apache dance routines.
Sylvester also makes a success of his uncle's business by introducing modern business methods.
Jenn, a yoga instructor, and Matt, a comic book store worker, are best friends from college who are now single and in their 30s.
In agreement with a pact they made in their youth, the two decide to have a baby ("gayby") together, even though Jenn is straight and Matt is gay.
Jenn's grandmother set her up with a trust fund if she ever had a child, so Jenn is confident that she and Matt will have the finances to have one.
However, Jenn states that she wants to have a baby through natural conception, so the two begin awkwardly having sex.
Meanwhile, Jenn is concerned with the stunted life she is living, treated as an underling at her yoga studio.
Matt is recovering from a devastating break up with his partner of six years, Tom, who is a rising comic book publisher.
Matt finds difficulty in getting back into the dating game and finds himself constantly avoiding awkward run-ins with Tom.
The two friends resolve to reinvigorate their dating lives and achieve their longterm goals—Jenn pushes the idea of innovative "warm" yoga classes at her studio, while Matt works on his own comic book, "Gayby"—about the adventures of a heroic gay baby—to pitch to a distributor.
Both receive advice from friends about their goals and the pregnancy attempts—Jenn from her gay co-worker Jamie and her aggressive sister, Kelly, who is in the process of adopting a child, and Matt from his dry-witted friend Nelson, who helps them with their fertility treatments, having been a surrogate father himself.
After dating around, Jenn has a one-off night of passionate sex with her boss's brother, Louis.
Meanwhile, Matt meets a divorced, newly out, gay father, Scott, who buys comic books at his store.
The two begin a relationship, but Matt is frustrated at how slowly Scott wishes to proceed.
Jenn and Matt are later thrilled when they learn Jenn is finally pregnant.
While talking with Louis, Jenn is furious to learn that Louis has a girlfriend and that he cheated on her with Jenn.
In trying to defend himself, Louis reveals that their condoms broke during sex, but that he thought Jenn knew and was okay with it.
Jenn is devastated by the possibility that the child may not be Matt's after all.
Her boss, upon learning that her brother cheated on his girlfriend again with Jenn, angrily asks her to take a leave of absence from the yoga studio.
While attending Matt's birthday party, Jenn hesitantly reveals that the child might be Louis's, which devastates Matt.
He asks Jenn to return his apartment key and refuses to speak to her.
Falling into a depression, Jenn is visited by Kelly, who tells her that her adoption process failed.
She instead offers to raise Jenn's baby, arguing that Jenn is not fit—either in lifestyle or career—to raise a child on her own, and will block the trust fund if necessary.
Jenn is taken aback and exclaims that she will be able to raise the child and give it a great life, even if Matt never forgives her and she is forced to raise it alone.
Satisfied that Jenn has what it takes, Kelly reveals that the adoption went through and that her offer was a ruse to bolster her sister's conviction.
Jenn returns to work and offers to buy into the yoga studio with some of her trust fund money, securing her future with the studio and furthering her career.
Enticed by the opportunity to split the responsibility of studio ownership with someone and seeing that Jenn's "warm" yoga has become an immense hit, her boss accepts, and they both agree to restart their friendship.
Nelson reads over Matt's comic and convinces him that it is worth submitting to a publisher.
Matt finds closure with Tom by finally speaking with him and asking him if he would pass his proposal up to one of his superiors.
Tom happily agrees, stating that he is pleased to see Matt is doing better.
Though he is excited about this development, Matt is still depressed that the child may not be his.
Nelson tells him that even if the child isn't his biologically, it is still his child because he and Jenn wanted to have it together.
That it has a loving family is what's most important.
Jenn arrives at the comic book store to ask for Matt's forgiveness, and offers to raise the child with him one last time.
Though silent at first, Matt relents and the two make up, preparing for the baby's arrival.
One year later, Matt's comic book is a success and he has furthered his relationship with Scott, who enthusiastically helps care for the baby.
Jenn has begun a relationship with one of Matt's straight co-workers and stops by Matt and Scott's place to give them the night off of baby-duty.
It is then that Scott tells Jenn of his plan to secretly propose to Matt that evening.
After Matt and Scott leave, Jenn cuddles with the baby and says, "You sure do look like your father," leaving the true identity of the baby's father unknown.
A feisty Irishwoman named Molly Kelly (Patsy Kelly) helps a truck driver named Cecil Callahan (Guinn Williams) to become a professional boxer.
Sisters Sarah (Lizzy Caplan) and Beth (Alison Brie) are in relationships with bandmates Andrew (Martin Starr) and Kevin (Geoffrey Arend).
Beth is making plans for her wedding with Andrew.
Sarah, an artist, moves in with Kevin but struggles to overcome her ambivalence.
At a performance by Kevin, Sarah is approached by Jonathan (Mark Webber), who has a crush on her and has been hanging around the bookstore she manages.
He decides to approach her but withdraws when he overhears she's living with Kevin.
Kevin, ignoring warnings from Andrew, proposes to Sarah from the stage.
Overwhelmed, she moves out and gets her own apartment.
She talks to Jonathan at the bookstore and a new relationship blossoms.
Beth in the meantime has become obsessive about her upcoming wedding plans, causing friction with Andrew and Sarah.
Sarah feels isolated when she discovers she's pregnant and pulls away from Jonathan without explanation.
She eventually tells Beth, who seems to take it as an attempt to ruin her wedding plans.
At this point Sarah has a first solo show of her work.
Andrew, Kevin, and Jonathan all attend, but Beth doesn't.
The opening at the gallery acts as a catalyst, and all things come to a head.
Andrew gets angry at Beth for not showing up at gallery.
He wakes to find a note from Beth who is waiting for him at the synagogue.
Meanwhile, Kevin shows up at Sarahs apartment and wants to date her again.
Sarah rejects him saying that she is pregnant and the child is not his.
The next day Kevin beats up Jonathan at his aquarium, but later apologizes and tells him everything.
Beth and Andrew postpone their wedding.
Sarah visits the hospital to get an abortion.
Beth meets Sarah over there and Sarah decides to drop the idea.
When Sarah reaches home she finds Jonathan with her cat who was missing.
She kisses him and the movie ends with Sarah saying "Jonathan".
The film follows the life of Miggy (John Lloyd Cruz) and Laida (Sarah Geronimo) after their break-up which occurred after the events in the second film.
Miggy is now in a relationship with Belle (Isabelle Daza), while Laida is now a fiercer woman after living in the United States.
They try to co-exist in the same company, while Laida tries to oppose Miggy's business decisions through a series of events which made them realize the real definition of true love.
After two years, it is shown that Miggy has lost the trust of the board members since he lost the company's aircraft business, and is in need of Laida's help.
Coming back from New York, Laida is now stronger than she was before and seems to have moved on from Miggy.
The movie shows flashbacks of how Laida and Miggy's relationship turned around when Laida's father cheated on her mother and flies back to Manila.
However, at the same time Miggy's father receives a heart attack and wants Laida to be with him.
Unfortunately Laida is stuck comforting her mother and is in delay of attending Miggy's father's funeral.
He is comforted by Belle, an old family friend, and later share a kiss.
Laida witnesses this, and breaks up with Miggy.
Miggy's life is ruined with the loss of Laida and his father, and becomes more stubborn.
When Laida comes back to Flippage, she wears different clothing and speaks differently while presenting her presentation.
She and Miggy feel awkward towards each other and when trust is brought up, she leaves the conference room.
Miggy runs after her.
He refuses to say that he needs her but in the end, Laida returns to help.
As the days go by, Laida is very distant from her old friends.
Even though she denies being jealous, everybody knows how she really feels towards Miggy and Belle's relationship.
After they fight over Laida's decision to present a woman's theme on Bachelor to MET, Zoila and friends present a theme of 'transformation' on Laida.
Miggy agrees and the next day, they begin a photo shoot at Laida's home, but something is missing and Zoila fails to see what it is.
Laida's father says it's her smile, and 'Laida's smile' is up to her eyes.
They try to put Laida's family in front of her, but it doesn't seem to make her smile.
Zoila and friends do the rain dance but she laughs and doesn't get the smile they are asking for.
They ask Miggy to do the rain dance but Laida just seems to be really upset and calls it a day.
That evening, Miggy buys pizza for all and just like the first film he gets a plate, puts a pizza on it and gives it to Laida.
She refuses.
Later on, Zoila and her friends won't stop till they make Laida happy.
They decide to sing Laida and Miggy's favorite song 'Kailan' with Miggy singing his favorite part.
However, when Miggy sings, Laida gets teary eyed so he stops singing.
They look into each other's eyes and Miggy sees how unhappy and hurt Laida is.
Laida calls it a night.
The next day, Miggy is looking for Laida when she hands him a letter of resignation.
He chases her to the elevator and presses a button to keep them stuck in it.
Inside, she expresses how she really feels and Miggy blames her for throwing everything away after just one mistake.
She argues back, telling him she did not go to Canada just for him, accepted all his flaws and left her mother alone for a little while whilst she went to visit him after the funeral, was late and all he does is throw everything away because she was late.
She walks out the elevator, and Miggy is very upset.
The next few days, she reads a newspaper article about why they hired her and what Miggy went through.
She sees him and they sit down and talk.
He explains that he had everything but when his father died, he lost confidence.
Then, he lost Laida, which destroyed him, and couldn't cope with everything so he lost the aircraft to the Ortegas.
Laida makes a truce and accepts his apology.
The next day, they fly to New York and find a hotel to stay in.
However, a problem occurs in the hotel and they are forced to sleep in Laida's apartment, and Miggy sleeps on the bedroom floor.
Their meeting with MET gets canceled.
Instead, they take a tour of New York.
The next day, they're about to share a kiss when someone knocks on the door- Belle.
They even show their presentation to MET with Belle, and make their way home.
The next few days, Miggy realizes he still loves Laida and ends his relationship with Belle.
In the board meeting, MET decides not to let them publish their magazine in the Philippines.
However, they agree on a partnership between MET and Flippage on the condition of Laida going back to New York.
At the airport, as Laida walks by, everybody is singing lines of 'Kailan', Miggy and Laida's favorite song.
Zoila and her friends are there, so are Miggy's family.
Miggy asks Laida's parents for her hand in marriage.
Laida's mother says its up to her to decide.
Laida agrees and they are married.
The story ends on the couple's honeymoon.
Carla Perez (portrayed by Carla Fabianny as a child and by herself as an adult) lives with her father Raimundo (Armindo Bião) and unnamed tuberculous mother (Juliana Calil) in a small, poor shack located somewhere in the middle of the sertão of Bahia.
After her mother dies, Carla and her father decide to move to Salvador in order to achieve better life conditions.
Carla, having an innate talent for dancing, soon is spotted by eccentric talent manager Pierre (Perry Salles) and his personal assistant Beto (Josevaldo Oliveira); she is initially enthusiastic about her newly acquired fame, but soon discovers Pierre is an unscrupulous man that is only interested into the profits of exploiting her.
Helped by her two vagabond friends, Bucha (Lucci Ferreira) and Chico (Lázaro Ramos), and by her boyfriend, Alexandre Pires (portrayed by himself), she garners the strength to fight Pierre back and live freely as she wishes.
Sutter Keely (Miles Teller) is a high school senior, charming and self-possessed.
He is the life of the party and loves his job at a men's clothing store.
However, he has no plans for the future and is a budding alcoholic, which causes his girlfriend, Cassidy (Brie Larson), who is unable to cope, to dump him.
Drinking to numb his pain, Sutter passes out on a stranger's lawn, but is awakened the next morning by Aimee Finicky (Shailene Woodley), a girl who wears no makeup and reads science fiction and manga during her free time.
Sutter helps her with her paper route and ultimately invites her to lunch and asks her to teach him geometry to get closer to her.
Sutter invites Aimee to a party, but temporarily loses interest when he sees Cassidy.
Sutter asks her to have a drink with him, but Cassidy soon leaves with her new boyfriend Marcus (Dayo Okeniyi), so Sutter returns to Aimee.
The two go for a walk, where Sutter introduces Aimee to alcohol and Aimee brings up getting accepted into a college in Philadelphia, though she does not feel she will be able to go as she must take care of her demanding mother.
Sutter teaches Aimee to stand up to her mom and the two kiss.
When he wakes up the next morning, Sutter realizes that he asked Aimee to prom while drunk and instant messages Cassidy to hang out.
Cassidy breaks down, tearfully telling Sutter that she can no longer avoid her future and that she needs to grow up, even if he does not.
Marcus later confronts Sutter about what is going on with him and Cassidy, though Sutter reassures him that Cassidy is done with him.
Marcus says she does not like him in the way she liked Sutter, but Sutter tells him that he should not try to be like him.
Marcus thanks Sutter for his advice.
Sutter, lacking the commitment to take Aimee to prom, avoids her until Aimee's friend Krystal (Kaitlyn Dever) tells him not to treat Aimee badly as she is a genuinely good person.
Sutter, taking her advice, asks Aimee to dinner with his married sister Holly (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), where Aimee talks frankly about the death of her father and her dreams of a perfect marriage, charming everyone, including Sutter.
Sutter and Aimee begin to get serious, having sex for the first time, and Sutter buys Aimee a flask as a gift when they attend prom.
Despite a moment where Sutter dances with Cassidy, their night goes well, and she tells him that she stood up to her mom and is going to Philadelphia, inviting him to live with her and attend a junior college.
After numerous attempts to get his father's phone number from his mom (Jennifer Jason Leigh), Sutter retrieves it from his sister and plans to spend a day with his dad.
Bringing Aimee with him, they meet him at a motel just as he is leaving for the bar, inviting the two to join him.
Sutter's father (Kyle Chandler) shares similar hedonistic views of life as Sutter, but after revealing that he left his mother (instead of being kicked out as Sutter had thought previously), he leaves to go off with a woman.
Sutter is forced to pay the tab and wait for his dad to return, but after waiting for an hour, they return to the bar to see that Sutter's dad has forgotten about them and is back to drinking with his friends.
Aimee attempts to comfort Sutter, confessing her love for him, but Sutter, angry and drunk, snaps at her and forces her to get out of the car, where she is hit by an oncoming car.
Aimee comes out with only a broken arm and forgives Sutter for the incident, but the experiences with his father has clearly damaged Sutter as his drinking worsens.
After graduation, Cassidy informs Sutter she is going to California with Marcus.
Sutter suggests he pay them a visit, but Cassidy declines, telling him she must stay out of his influence for her own good.
His boss, Dan (Bob Odenkirk) tells him that he will be letting go of one of his clerks and informs Sutter that he wants him to work at the store, but Sutter must promise never to become intoxicated again.
Sutter honestly states that he does not feel he is capable of keeping such a promise and shakes a disappointed and concerned Dan's hand.
He then goes out for a night at the bar, leaving a heartbroken Aimee to get on the bus to Philadelphia by herself.
Sutter crashes into his mailbox after a night of heavy drinking and tearfully breaks down in front of his mom, saying he is exactly like his father and that he is an awful person, but his mother assures Sutter he is not like his father as he has the biggest heart of anyone she knows.
Finally able to recognize that he is his own greatest limitation, Sutter finishes his college application and commits himself to becoming a more mature and responsible person.
He drives to Philadelphia and finds Aimee as she is leaving class.
As the two stare at each other, the screen cuts to black.
A Romeo and Juliet story set in Auckland, New Zealand, Emily Chu (Michelle Ang) is the daughter of traditional Chinese parents, whose only wishes are that she marries a good Chinese boy and becomes a doctor.
But life seems to have other ideas for Emily, who dreams of becoming a world-famous director and falls in love with a white boy from university, James Harrison (Matt Whelan).
When she and James, two kindred nerd spirits fall clumsily into love they must overcome the expectations of her parents.
A Kiwi-Asian, Emily considers herself a banana (yellow on the outside, white on the inside), but her father Dr Chu has a different perspective, and his past threats of disownment on her sister hangs over Emily's head.
With their secret marriage, Emily's documentary, and James' ultimatum to learn Mandarin or lose Emily, life suddenly becomes very busy for the young pair.
Emily is faced with the difficult decision of having to choose between long-suffering James and her parents who have made countless sacrifices to bring their family to New Zealand.
It seems Emily must learn the hard way that love and family require sacrifice and not everybody can be happy.
The film revolves around, Norman, a world-weary manager of a pier theatre in a seaside resort.
Norman has worked in the theatre for all of his life, but will not accept that the local council, which own the theatre are planning to install more commercial management in an attempt to boost audience numbers.
As the story unfolds he realises it may be time to move on and put behind him the ghost of 1950s and 1960s singer Alma Cogan, who performed at the theatre many years ago.
Sandra, his devoted long-suffering assistant and Norman decide to leave the theatre to fulfill her dream of being a professional singer and unexpectedly enjoying a late blossoming romance.
Zach (Gutierrez) is a rich boy forced to find and keep a job after a major blunder in a company he set up.
He ends up working for Evelyn, whom he discovers to be the boss from hell.
In the long run, he sees her for who and what she really is.
Meanwhile, Evelyn (Rivera) is an uptight and tough Brand Manager who hires an assistant Brand Manager.
When she finds herself dumped by her boyfriend, Evelyn seeks comfort in Zach, her assistant who shows a different side of him.
As they get to know each other more and as their encounters become more intimate, they begin to ask themselves if what they feel for each other is for real.
The problem is romance between boss and subordinate in a company is not allowed.
Things get complicated when an office romance develops between the unlikely pair.
Scott (Ryan Phillippe) is a man who has been in and out of rehabilitation for 10 years and is haunted by the ghost of his dead mother pressing him to return home to the family he turned his back on years ago.
Outfitted with nothing more than a bag of pills and a sack of marijuana (and a horse instead of a car), he goes back to Texas only to be faced with his brother’s wife Katherine (Paquin), who he is still pining for, his first love.
Wen Jiajia is pregnant with the child of her boyfriend, a tycoon in Beijing who is already married and is under criminal investigation.
She flies to Seattle so she can have her child in an illegal maternity center as a way of avoiding scandal.
At Seattle-Tacoma International Airport she is picked up by Frank, a taxi driver who was a doctor in China before coming to the United States.
Frank came to Seattle because his divorced wife took a job in the city's pharmaceutical industry; Frank moved for the sake of their daughter, Julie.
Jiajia recognizes Frank because he once treated her father.
Frank tells her that he has divorced his wife.
In the film, Jiajia's boyfriend does not leave his wife, leaving Jiajia on her own.
Jiajia eventually begins a romance with Frank.
However.
she leaves Frank to be re-united back with her boyfriend after the latter left his wife.
Their relationship didn't work out and when she met Frank 2 years later, they reunited together.
School is out and the teenagers head for the beach.
All is well until millionaire Harvey Huntington Honeywagon III (Wynn) comes around, convinced that the beachgoers are so senselessly obsessed with sex that their mentality is below that of a primate – especially Honeywagon's wunderkind pet chimp Clyde, who can surf, drive, and watusi better than anyone on the beach.
With the teenagers demoralized and discredited, Honeywagon plans to turn Bikini Beach into a senior citizens retirement home.
Meanwhile, foppish British rocker and drag racer Peter Royce Bentley, better known as "The Potato Bug" (played by Frankie Avalon in a dual role), has taken up residence on Bikini Beach.
Annoyed by Frankie's reluctance to start their relationship towards marriage, Dee Dee becomes receptive to Potato Bug's advances.
In a jealous rage, Frankie challenges The Potato Bug to a drag race, in hopes of winning Dee Dee back.
A pampered Manhattanite, Desiree Harper (Morris), is shunned from her circle of well-heeled friends when her husband, Wade Harper (Stephen Hogan), a successful plastic surgeon, announces he wants a divorce.
The terms of her prenuptial agreement leaves her penniless, so she returns to her family home in Flemington, New Jersey, to live with her father, Paddy Kerrigan (Best), where she helps with the family business, a bakery.
Alienated from her roots and emotionally unavailable to love-interest, Benny Christophe (Alastair Mackenzie), a life as a baker is unacceptable to Desiree.
Desiree discovers that the bakery is also having financial difficulties; she develops a gourmet cupcake that becomes wildly popular, bringing success to the bakery and franchising offers from Corporate America.
Desiree is faced with the ultimatum of selling out her father in order to return to her former lifestyle.
Desiree finds that her re-emergence into the real-world has affected her sensibilities, she is now capable of consideration for others and receptive to a new relationship with Benny.
Ambitious high-flyer Nat (Rose Byrne) and struggling writer Josh (Rafe Spall) fall in love at first sight at a party.
After seven months together they decide to marry.
The film highlights their struggles during their first year of marriage, switching back and forth from flashbacks of the year's action to a marriage-guidance counsellor's office.
Their wedding goes as planned despite many friends' comments that the marriage will not last, an embarrassing best-man's speech, and a coughing priest.
When Nat returns to work after the honeymoon, she's embarrassed when Josh calls her in the office - on speakerphone in front of her colleagues - to tell her she is sexy and that he misses her, causing her to abruptly hang up on him.
Later, the two meet with their solicitor to discuss how to handle medical crises (last wishes).
Nat becomes annoyed when Josh, knowing she would be late, admitted that he deliberately told her the wrong time, causing her to turn up early.
The couple throw a dinner party to use their wedding gifts.
Some of their differences are highlighted when they talk about their honeymoon in Morocco: Nat didn't enjoy the leather museum; Josh remembers it as interesting.
When the topic changes to Josh's former flame, Chloe (Anna Faris), Nat discovers that the two never officially broke up when Chloe departed to Africa for four years.
In the kitchen Chloe apologizes to Nat for not realising she didn't know.
The women talk about the constrictions of marriage.
Nat's sister Naomi has issues with her own husband's annoying habits.
Josh's best man Danny asks Chloe out but is rebuffed.
The following day, Nat and her work-colleagues make fun of their new client, Guy Harrap (Simon Baker), the new owner of a bleach company.
They believe he will be a stereotypical American who thinks the British are "quaint".
They do not realize that their client has been sitting right there in the same café.
Before the meeting, one colleague steals Nat's wedding ring, believing that the account will have a better chance of success if she appears single.
During the meeting, Guy deliberately fulfils their expectations of him: speaking in a brash American way, asking for high-fives and casual fist-bumps, asking Nat to repeat certain words he finds amusing and doing a crude Austin Powers impression.
Then when they focus on business talk, he switches to his true self, embarrassing the women for their earlier stereotyping.
As he and Nat exit the boardroom, she apologizes for their misjudgment of him, and he says they should get better acquainted for the sake of the account.
Feeling the attraction between them, she struggles with telling him she's married, then ends up leaving without telling him.
Josh talks to Chloe about his book while she's working at a charity office.
He invites her to dinner because Nat's going to a work party that night.
Chloe declines, saying she's going out with her work-colleague Charlie, whom she's been dating.
The scene returns to the marriage-guidance counsellor's office as the two explain that the realities of marriage do not live up to the fairytale expectation they both had.
Unable to focus on his writing, Josh sits at home watching television while Nat's out jogging.
At work, Nat receives a large bouquet of roses from Guy.
The couple bicker over domestic issues; Josh leaving the toilet seat up, Nat's inability to sing the right words to popular songs and their different definitions of the rubbish bin being full.
Guy shows Nat around one of the factories he owns, where one of his longest-serving workers expresses approval of her as a potential wife for him.
Guy explains that he basically grew up in the factory during his childhood summers.
Nat comments that she's not the marrying type, still unable to tell Guy she's married.
Nat tries to discourage Josh from accompanying her to a work party, but he is determined, irritating her.
At the party, he makes a fool of himself with embarrassing dancing and standing next to a poster he can joke about during the night.
When he approaches Nat while she's talking with Guy, she still doesn't reveal that he is her husband and Guy attempts to shake him off, assuming he's an unwanted menace.
Guy asks her to dinner and Nat declines.
Incredibly annoyed at Josh for embarrassing her at the party, she heads home without him.
Meanwhile, Chloe and Charlie attend a boring dinner party, then leave early to adjourn to Charlie's apartment.
As they kiss on the bed, Chloe's colleague Alexandra joins them and Chloe finds herself in an awkward threesome.
Feeling too silly to continue, Chloe eventually leaves.
The next morning she calls Josh to tell him about it, and he soon turns up at her apartment with coffee and her favourite sweets to cheer her up.
Chloe and Josh then go Christmas-shopping.
Josh wants to get casserole dishes for Nat but Chloe laughs that this is not a present for a wife and she must help him; they end up at a lingerie shop with Josh uncomfortably trying to make conversation with the shop assistant amongst the shop's expensive contents.
Chloe tries on a lingerie set, and asks Josh what he thinks of it.
They end up kissing in the dressing room, although both are embarrassed about it afterwards.
Josh ends up buying the lingerie.
When Nat meets with Guy at his hotel to discuss their business deal, she rebuffs his attempts to get her into his room.
He mentions that he has booked a conference room down the hall, but when Nat enters she finds a romantic dinner complete with doves and a violinist.
When Guy makes advances, she finally blurts out that she's married and can't leave her husband because it would destroy him, and finally storms out.
Guy chases after Nat and they bump into Chloe and Josh on the street.
After some initial awkward exchanges, Josh suggests that Chloe and Guy get together and they agree on a double date.
Back to the present in the counsellor's office: Nat explains that they hit a low point around the Christmas period, commenting that her husband's family are weird - in particular his mother.
Josh retaliates that Nat's family were not overly friendly towards him.
The scene shifts to a Christmas family reunion at Nat's parents', where a series of embarrassing incidents revolving around Josh occur.
Josh unwittingly but clumsily offends Nat's grandmother during a game of charades, Nat's father makes him sleep on the upper deck of a bunk bed of a young female relative, and Nat's parents giving Josh a pair of books titled "How to be a Successful Writer" and "How to Stop Wasting Your Life".
At the end of the visit, while leaving her parents' house, Nat confronts Naomi about why she stays with her husband as they clearly hate each other.
Naomi says that they both "embrace the hatred" and that's what marriage is about.
Even though she admits there could be something better out there for her, she ultimately loves her husband.
Nat and Josh have a conversation about his suggestion of Chloe dating Guy.
The two talk about the prospects of both of them as romantic interests.
The four meet for dinner, and spend the evening playing pool.
Chloe and Guy seem to hit it off, happily competing against Nat and Josh.
Nat becomes more frustrated with Josh's clumsy and patronising attempt to teach her how to play properly, as well as with her growing jealousy towards Chloe, who can play well.
They leave the bar, and Nat asks Guy to talk about packaging details, intending to meet Josh back at their flat afterwards.
Chloe and Josh depart together, while Nat and Guy go the other direction.
After a moment, Nat passionately kisses Guy, resulting in the ripping of the underwear bought for her by Josh.
Meanwhile, Josh attempts to discourage Chloe's attraction to Guy, and she admits she is and has always been still in love with him, lamenting that Josh never stopped her from leaving and insisting that their current circumstances are impossible, that they cannot see each other anymore.
When Nat returns home, she and Josh talk about their relationship.
After nine months they decide to get help instead of giving up on their marriage.
This leads us back to the counsellor's office, who ultimately advises them to try to make it to the one-year marker.
The couple then put up with each other's quirks over the next few months, eventually making it to their anniversary.
Nat brings out the same expensive lingerie for the special occasion, and struggles to do it up because of two broken hooks, remembering the circumstances in which they were broken - her with Guy.
Josh meanwhile leaves the flat, telling Nat he's remembered he has to do something and that he will meet her at the restaurant.
He races to Chloe's apartment, only to find that she is heading off in a cab with Guy, whom she embraces lovingly.
Nat contemplates phoning Guy, but then decides to go to the restaurant, where her friends and family are there waiting to surprise the couple.
After failing to contact Josh, Nat sits down.
She discovers that their friends didn't think her marriage would last.
Josh makes it to the restaurant party, and tells Nat that he thinks she is the perfect wife, just not for him.
He asks her for a divorce and she immediately and delightedly agrees.
The couple rejoice at the situation, and immediately leave the party one after the other.
Meanwhile, Guy and Chloe are at the railway station waiting to go to Paris on a romantic trip.
Josh finds them and professes his love for Chloe.
When it's discovered that he split up with Nat, the two are shocked.
Nat appears behind Josh, who awkwardly assumed he is the one she wants to speak to, but it turns out she was there for Guy.
After a short exchange they happily discuss how perfect Guy and Chloe are for them.
In the end, Chloe and Guy mutually break up.
Nat ends up kissing Guy and Chloe shares a kiss with Josh.
After Kristin saved Kyle's life, she has been living with the Morgan family ever since.
Unfortunately, she cannot remember her past, and has lost her immortality.
Bill proposes to her, but she declines, as she says she doesn't feel right about the decision without knowing her family.
At the North Pole, Rudolpha is secretly selling pieces of the North Pole worldwide to get rid of the North Pole, and to make Santa Claus feel he is being replaced.
As Kristin is preparing her wedding with Bill, Brittany and Kyle, Bill's two children, order from Rudolpha's business, and unknowingly receive Kristin's doll from when she was a little girl.
After Kristin sees the doll, she immediately remembers her past, as flashbacks are shown of her life until then (with many taken from Once Upon a Christmas) After Kristin sees Rudolpha's commercial, she and the children discover Rudolpha's plan, and head for the North Pole to try to save Christmas.
With a special announcement the pieces are returned and Christmas saved.
Rudolpha must ride since the deers have not come back.
Kristen and Bill get married.
Virginia Mason (Anne Baxter) and George (Macdonald Carey), husband and wife from Mellford, Illinois, are passengers on an airliner for a second honeymoon in Hawaii.
When the plane develops serious engine trouble, it looks like the end for everyone on board.
Certain that he's facing an imminent demise, George confesses to Virginia that he's had an affair with her best friend Jane Richards (Catherine McLeod).
Virginia mulls over several potential revenges in her mind, casting herself as various famous women of history.
The plane lands safely, at which time Virginia learns that the "affair" was nothing more than a discreet flirtation.
Dr.
Parker (Sharon Stone), a wealthy dermatologist, mentions to her patient Murray (Woody Allen) that she and a woman friend, Robbie, wish to experience a ménage à trois and asks if he knows a willing man.
Murray, whose used bookstore has failed, convinces his friend and former employee Fioravante (John Turturro) to take the gig, as both are short of money.
Soon, they build a thriving gigolo trade with Murray as the pimp.
Murray lives with Othella (Tonya Pinkins) and her children, one of whom gets head lice.
Murray takes the boy to Avigal, the attractive widow of a Hassidic rabbi, for treatment.
Murray tells her Fioravante is a massage healer who can help her and takes her to see him.
Too observant to even shake hands with him, she nonetheless allows Fioravante to massage her back and that touch, the first ever of that kind in her life, brings her to tears.
Meanwhile, Dovi (Liev Schreiber), who works for Shomrim, a Williamsburg, Brooklyn neighborhood patrol, becomes suspicious and follows Murray.
Dovi is in love with Avigal, but she does not encourage him.
Fioravante and Avigal meet several more times, culminating in a kiss in the park.
Fioravante is summoned to the long planned ménage, but is unable to finish.
The two women cheerfully realize the truth—he has fallen in love.
Murray is kidnapped by a group of Hassids, taken to a Rabbinic Court, and interrogated.
Avigal interrupts the court and confesses to violating the laws of modesty, but nothing more, explaining she was lonely.
Avigal now accepts Dovi, but has him drive her to Fioravante to say good bye.
Fioravante tells Murray he is leaving, but reconsiders after an encounter with a beautiful woman.
At Montgomery Advertising in New York City, Duke Crawford (Robert Cummings) is having trouble handling the account of cosmetics manufacturer Michele Bennett (Anna Sten), one of the company's most important clients—and his former fiancée.
Still determined to win him back, Michele refuses to sign a contract until Duke reciprocates her affection.
When Duke threatens to quit Michele's account, his boss James Montgomery (Harry Antrim) assigns him to do the book promotion for a new client, a nerve psychologist namedO.
Loring.
While taking a taxi to the psychologist's office, Duke shaves with an electric razor he invented, but his nervousness and stress result in leaving half his mustache intact.
When he arrives at the client's office, Duke discovers thatO.
Loring is in fact an attractive woman named Jo (Hedy Lamarr).
Staring at the half a mustache, Jo mistakes him for one of her mentally disturbed patients.
Determines to prove to himself that he is anesthetized from women, he kisses the doctor.
Jo reacts by recommending that he read her book on stress relief titled Let's Live a Little.
Later that night, Duke is unable to fall asleep.
The next morning, after Duke makes an appointment to see Jo as her patient, Jo advises him that if he wants his former fiancée to sign the contract, he must wine and dine her.
Following her advice, Duke arranges a date with Michele at a nightclub.
Wanting to observe the encounter for scientific reasons, Jo arrives at the nightclub with her stuffy surgeon boyfriend, dr Richard Field (Robert Shayne).
When Michele notices that Duke and Jo are falling in love, and when she is served a cake with an advertising contract inside instead of a marriage license, she throws his drink at him and storms out of the nightclub.
Duke is reduced to a nerve-wracked state—repeating ad slogans over and over.
Feeling responsible for Duke's psychological condition, Jo takes him to a lakeside lodge for a rest cure.
One moonlit night, while the two are on the lake in a canoe, Duke kisses Jo passionately, proving to himself that he is cured of his misogyny.
Duke soon returns to New York, rejuvenated by his love for Jo, and organizes a successful radio ad campaign for her book.
During one radio interview, Jo discusses one of her recent patients who suffered from a nervous breakdown brought on by a failed relationship.
She describes how she helped him recover by pretending to fall in love with him to help him in a transference of his affections.
When Duke hears the interview, he becomes angry at being depicted as a guinea pig in a love experiment.
Duke resolves to forget Jo and pursue Michele.
Soon after, Jo reads the newspaper announcement of Duke's engagement to Michele.
Unable to think about anything but Duke, Jo begins to have a nervous breakdown of her own.
As Michele and Duke's wedding day approaches, Jo's colleague dr Field takes her to the lakeside lodge in an effort to cure her of her obsession with Duke.
Even after he proposes to her, however, she can see only Duke's face, and rejects him.
Meanwhile, as Michele tastelessly redecorates Duke's apartment, he gets a telephone call from Field, who defiantly announces that Jo is now in his care.
Duke leaves Michele and drives to the lakeside lodge, where he finds Jo, embraces her, and convinces her that his kisses are real.
The story takes place in a small town in Georgia.
Edith (Dove) is a girl who has loved Jim Carter (Withers) since childhood.
One day they get into a quarrel and an older and very wealthy man, Norton Larrison (Thomson), seizes the opportunity to court Edith.
Larrison succeeds in making Edith forget Jim temporarily.
Edith marries Larrison and then go to Europe on their honeymoon.
Soon after they return to Georgia, Edith discovers that she is still in love with Jim.
She is determined, however, to be a faithful wife and vows to hide her love for Jim.
One day Larrison overhears a conversation to the effect that Jim can never forget his love for Edith.
Harrison becomes increasingly suspicious of his wife.
It finally reaches the point where he manages to kill all the respect and love that Edith held for him as her husband.
The picture comes to a climax as both Norton and Jim each vows to kill the other.
A beautiful young violinist named Amelia Cornell (Olivia de Havilland) is a student at the prestigious Brissac Academy of Music in New York City.
Unable to support her mother on her meager scholarship stipend, she is forced to provide music lessons in her spare time—something strictly forbidden by the school and enforced zealously by the dean of the school, dr Kobbe (Grant Mitchell).
Frustrated by her financial constraints and at being treated like a child by the dean, Amelia decides to leave the academy and join a jazz group led by her fellow student and swing bandleader Dusty Rhodes (Eddie Albert).
Meanwhile, after seeing Amelia perform at a concert, a distinguished wealthy patron of the arts, Julius Malette (Charles Winninger), finally accepts the academy's offer to make him president of the school—an offer inspired by Julius' wealth and influence.
When he learns that Amelia is planning to leave the academy for financial reasons, Julius—who has a crush on the much younger violinist—secretly arranges for a second scholarship that will allow her to continue her studies.
After Amelia meets her patron, the kind and gentlemanly president sends her a phonograph player and records, and escorts her to concerts to broaden her musical experience.
One evening, Julius is unable to attend a concert with Amelia and sends his young business manager, Tony Baldwin (Jeffrey Lynn), to the concert hall to explain his absence.
In the coming days, Tony and Amelia begin to fall in love, but Tony does not reveal his feelings, believing that Amelia is his boss's mistress.
The budding relationship between Tony and Amelia is further complicated when Julius' brash son Paul (William Orr) discovers that Tony has been mailing company checks to Amelia, unaware that these "scholarship" checks were mailed at his father's request.
When Paul accuses Tony of misappropriating company funds, Tony protects his boss with his silence.
Later, Paul sees his Julius entering Amelia's apartment, he believes that his father is being unfaithful to his mother.
He apologizes to Tony and thanks him for trying to shield his family from the sordid news.
When Paul tells Tony that Julius is with Amelia, Tony decides not to see Amelia again, nor answer her calls.
His distrust is reinforced when he learns that the checks sent to Amelia have been cashed—he doesn't know that her friend Dusty "borrowed" the money.
Soon after, Julius and his wife organize a party and hire Amelia's roommate, Joy O'Keefe (Jane Wyman), and her boyfriend, Dusty Rhodes, to provide an evening of innovative classical and swing music.
At the party, Amelia confesses everything to mrs Malette, and then plays swing violin with the band, shocking Julius and her teacher.
The music critic at the party, however, is impressed, which gives her new style legitimacy.
When Amelia learns that Dusty "borrowed" her check, and how that must have looked to Tony, she demands that Dusty explain to Tony what had been going on.
Afterwards, Tony approaches Amelia in the garden, apologizes for his suspicions, and kisses her passionately.
Linda Howard discovers that her husband is having an affair and takes their young adult daughter Janet away to start a new life.
Linda becomes a successful fashion designer but begins to re-examine her own life choices when Janet forsakes her successful-but-bland doctor boyfriend for a faster, more loose set of companions.
In a small town in Virginia, Barbara Kent, is being forced into a marriage with a missionary reformer by her socially prominent parents.
Kent meets Robert Armstrong, a prizefighter, and falls in love with him.
Armstrong's manager, played by James Gleason, tries to dissuade Armstrong from the relationship.
Nevertheless, Kent's grandmother, played by Beryl Mercer, and her uncle, played by Claude Gillingwater, do their best to help the romance between Kent and Armstrong.
Eventually Kent and Armstrong quarrel, and this leads Kent to agree to her mother's request that she marry the missionary (Arthur Hoyt).
When the missionary invites some weak sisters to a revival meeting one of them, a showgirl, accuses him of being responsible for her downfall.
Because of this, the missionary is publicly disgraced and the marriage cancelled.
Gleason helps Armstrong become reconciled with Kent and they marry with the blessings of the family.
Mia Sullivan (Monica Calhoun), wife of Lance Sullivan (Morris Chestnut), has written letters requesting that the old gang should join them for Christmas: Harper Stewart (Taye Diggs) and his almost-nine-month-pregnant wife Robyn (Sanaa Lathan), Julian Murch (Harold Perrineau) and wife Candace Sparks (Regina Hall), her best friend Jordan Armstrong (Nia Long) and boyfriend Brian McDonald (Eddie Cibrian), Quentin "Q" Spivey (Terrence Howard), and Shelby Taylor (Melissa De Sousa).
All the friends arrive at the house, the first time they've come together in 14 years, and the celebration begins.
At dinner, the old friends catch up while tensions grow between Shelby and Candace.
Years after his debut novel, Harper is struggling with writer's block, financial difficulties, and pressure from his publisher to come up with newer and better material for his next book.
He has also been recently relieved of his faculty position at New York University, further complicating the couple's financial position.
He kept all this from Robyn, as she is finally pregnant with their first child after years of expensive fertility treatments and the baby is almost full-term.
His agent suggests he write a biography on his estranged friend, Lance, who is set to retire from football.
Harper reluctantly agrees, but keeps the biography a secret.
The Murch family, which now includes two daughters, seems to be doing well.
Julian opened the school he has worked hard to establish, with his wife, former stripper Candace, as his head of admissions.
His main donor, however, abruptly ends his relationship with the school and Julian: he has been made aware of Candace's past and will not risk his reputation as a man of high morals.
It is then that Julian finds a YouTube video of his wife stripping and accepting money for sex at a fraternity party.
He confides in Q and shows him part of the video.
Shelby is living the life she has always dreamed of: as a cast member of a popular The Real Housewives television show franchise, she is now a prominent and notorious reality television star and part of the social elite.
Robyn is still insecure about Harper and Jordan's friendship.
Q is now a successful brand manager and heavily connected to prominent celebrities.
After arriving at the Sullivan home, Harper notices Mia's dramatic weight loss, but brushes it off and focuses on the reunion and gathering information about Lance for the biography.
The next day, Brian says goodbye to Jordan and leaves for his family's annual Christmas gathering in Vermont.
As he leaves, Jordan tells him that, while she loves him, she does not need him.
After dinner that night, the men dance and lip-sync to "Can You Stand the Rain" for the ladies to great response.
All the couples in the house have sex that night, while Lance gives Mia a back-rub and Q sends risque photographs of himself to Shelby.
Harper goes down to the kitchen, and as he heads back to bed, he finds Mia throwing up blood.
Mia reveals to Harper that she was diagnosed with cancer more than a year ago and is dying.
After Lance walks in on the two talking, Mia explains to Lance that Harper knows.
They both ask Harper to keep the condition a secret.
At breakfast the next morning, Q and Shelby accidentally switch phones and Shelby finds the Candace video on Q's phone.
She tries to use it to coerce Julian to resume his previous relationship with her, but Julian rebuffs her advances.
Not long afterwards, Candace loses patience with Shelby and confronts her, which leads to a physical altercation between the two in front of Shelby's daughter, after which Candace leaves the house with her and Julian's daughters.
Lance drives the men to his football practice, with Julian and Q starting a fight in the backseat, but Harper intervenes before it degenerates further.
Back at the house, the ladies are preparing for a spa day when Mia collapses while trying to hang a Christmas ornament.
Robyn and Jordan text Harper for Lance and the men quickly return to the house, forcing Harper to tell the rest of the friends about Mia's illness.
As they leave, the friends all embrace Lance.
Back at the house, everyone spends time with Mia.
While Harper is wrapping gifts, Lance approaches him and the two reminisce about their college days and seem to overcome their differences.
The next day, the gang volunteer at a shelter, with Q as a grudging Santa Claus.
Harper and Lance seem to be as close as they were in the old days.
Afterwards, Lance stumbles across Harper's iPad and journal in Mia's purse, and a mock book cover for his unauthorized biography on the tablet.
Lance angrily confronts Harper and tells him to stay away from him and his family.
Mia tries to calm Lance down to no avail.
He takes Mia home, leaving Q and Harper the last two to leave the shelter.
The two talk and Harper finally breaks down and admits the truth of his situation.
Back at the Sullivan home, Robyn is going through Mia's old baby things when Candace returns with the kids.
Candace tells Julian she regrets that one time she ever gave "extra favors" to a client and they reconcile.
Lance is still heated over the biography when Mia confronts him.
Mia challenges Lance to acknowledge the truth.
She is to blame just as much as Harper is for the longtime feud between the two men.
She reveals she slept with Harper (see The Best Man), even though she knew how much it would hurt Lance, because she was sick of Lance cheating on her.
Mia then takes off her wig, forcing Lance to also acknowledge the severity of her condition.
The household gathers around the fireplace to listen to the children sing Christmas carols.
The next day is Christmas and Lance's big game.
Brian returns to be with Jordan and the two reconcile.
The women watch the game together as a family in Mia and Lance's bedroom, while the men attend the game.
Lance starts a troublesome first half.
Mia calls Harper to speak to Lance, inspiring him to ultimately break the all-time rushing record in a game-winning performance.
After the game, the men rush home, so Lance can say goodbye to Mia before she dies.
At the funeral service, everyone but Lance is emotional.
Shelby gives Julian a check for two million dollars, covering the funding gap created by the donor pull-out.
All she asks for in return is a play date for their children.
Inside the church, Harper gives a heartfelt eulogy.
After everyone leaves, as Mia's casket is lowered into the grave, Lance finally breaks down.
Harper witnesses this from a distance and rushes to Lance's aid, comforting him.
Back at the house, everyone seems to have reconciled with one another after realizing what's really important in life.
Outside, Harper and Lance make up and conclude a 14-year feud.
Q and Shelby are shown in bed, with Q suggesting, before rolling out of bed, they may have a love connection.
Meanwhile, Brian tells Julian that he knows some investors who can help with the school's funding.
Robyn's water suddenly breaks, so Lance, Harper, and Candace all try to rush her to the hospital together.
However, they get stuck in traffic and Lance delivers the baby in the backseat of his SUV.
Robyn delivers a healthy baby girl and names her Mia, in honor of their deceased friend.
Ten months later, Harper and Lance are closer than ever and Harper has written Lance's biography.
Lance is the baby's godfather, as he visits Harper and Robyn at their house in New York City.
Harper gets a phone call from Q and puts it on speakerphone to share the call with Lance.
Q reveals to both that he is getting married and wants Harper to be his best man, but not before telling Harper that he better not have had sex with his soon-to-be bride.
Grant Withers is a conceited dancer who spends all his free time dancing.
He leaves his partner Edna Murphy, after seeing Sue Carol in the dance hall.
He enters the waltz contest with Carol and ends up winning the first prize.
Soon after they are convinced to marry by Sid Silvers (the dance hall manager), who needs a new couple to marry in a live ceremony in the dance-hall after another couple cancelled.
He convinces them when he offers them a free furnished apartment which the other couple forfeited by not showing up.
Withers' and Carol's parents are shocked by news of the marriage.
Withers soon gets bored of home-life and the in-laws and yearns for dancing again.
He convinces Carol to join him in a dance contest, but when she is unable to perform the dance steps of a new fox-trot, they fight.
The fighting continues until they split up.
After a while, Grant realizes what he has lost but thinks it may be too late to patch things up.
Kate (Olivia Wilde) and Luke (Jake Johnson) are co-workers at Chicago craft brewery Revolution Brewing, where they spend their days drinking and goofing off.
They are perfect for each other, except that they are both in relationships: Kate is with Chris (Ron Livingston), and Luke is with Jill (Anna Kendrick).
Jill presses Luke about marriage, which he promises he will be able to talk about some time soon.
While Luke and Kate are drinking with co-workers at the bar, Jill and Chris also arrive and Chris invites Luke and Jill to join them for a trip to his family's cottage.
During the trip Jill and Chris go for a long hike in the woods, where they end up kissing.
Luke and Kate spend the whole trip drinking and staying up late alone together, including a bonfire on the beach.
Kate invites Luke to go skinny dipping before stripping off her clothes and running into the lake.
After the group returns home, Chris decides he needs to talk to Kate and the two break up.
Newly single Kate insists the whole brewery crew go out the next evening for drinks to celebrate her 'singleness.
' That night she ends up sleeping with a co-worker, Dave.
When Luke hears about this he is angry at both Dave and Kate, and spends the whole day snapping at both of them, but eventually apologizes for his behavior.
Jill decides to go away for a week with some friends from college.
During this trip, Luke and Kate go out for dinner and fall asleep together on the couch.
Luke agrees to help Kate clean out her old apartment and move the next day, and at the end of the day Luke falls asleep on the bed.
Kate joins him.
The next morning, Luke and Kate keep moving and make plans to get dinner to celebrate when they are done.
Luke cuts his hand badly while helping move a couch.
Kate is squeamish about the blood and unhelpful.
An impatient driver, blocked by the moving van, yells at them and starts a fight with Luke.
After Luke ends up with a broken lip, Kate calls Dave and another co-worker to help finish the move.
Dave invites Kate to go out for drinks, and she tells Luke that she wants to go, rather than going to dinner.
Luke is annoyed, and an argument ensues.
Returning home, Luke finds Jill has come home early, and she is crying.
She sees his injuries and while cleaning him up, confesses to kissing Chris while at the cottage.
She tells Luke how guilty she feels about what happened, and that she really loves him and wants to marry him.
Luke forgives Jill and lets her know that he still loves her and wants to marry her.
The next day at work Kate and Luke awkwardly interact and then eventually end up sitting together at lunch.
They each offer one another bits of their lunch before they crack a smile, and drink a beer.
Angela Twitchell (Joan Blondell) daughter of Rufus Twitchell (Grant Mitchell) the founder of Twitchell's Toothpaste wants to work for her father's New York company.
But her father is convinced that women have no place in the business.
Rufus is losing sales to rival company own by Schmidts (Al Shean).
But Rufus is too stubborn to listen to any new ideas or mount a new advertising campaign.
Angela tries to help her father by bringing an idea for a cocktail flavored toothpaste and when he refuses to listen, she takes the idea to Schmidt.
Schmidt loves the idea and hires her under an assumed name to sell the product.
Angela first customer Claudette (Glenda Farrell) the head of a chain of pharmacy is committed to Twitchell's company, because she is in love with the company's salesman Pat O'Connor (William Gargan).
On the road, Angela plans to outsell Pat.
When she suspects that pat is taking an early train in order to make a sale on board the train, she boards the train and beats him to the customer.
However, Pat and Angela falls in love, but Pat still does not know Angela's true identity.
Back in New York, Pat and Rufus plan their strategy for the upcoming Chicago pharmacy's convention, but once again, Angela uses every tactic to steal sales away from Twitchell's company.
Pat accuses her of unethical behavior and refuses to see her again.
Rufus and Schmidt discuss a merger, but plans are stalled until Angela reminds them that she owns the rights to Cocktail Toothpaste and will only turn them over to a merged company.
late, Angela makes up with Pat.
The 1960s was a golden age for Taiwanese films.
Qi-sheng Liu (played by Shao-hua Long) tells his granddaughter Xiao-jie (played by Yi-jie Li) ”I was the most famous screenwriter at that time.
” However, Xiao-jie does not believe that Taiwanese films used to be popular and doubts the story told by her grandfather.
Xiao-jie’s grandmother (played by Hai-rong Shen) has amnesia and confuses reality with dreams.
She thought she was the wife of Bao-long Wan (played by Bo-jie Wang), who was a Taiwanese film star at that time.
Only when her grandfather tells Xiao-jie a love story that happened at that time does Xiao-jie finally understood that reason why her grandmother could not forget Bao-long Wan.
In 1969, the movie No.
7 Spy (七號間諜; Qi Hao Jian Die) was released in Taiwan.
Fans of Bao-long Wan lined up for the premiere hoping they could catch a glimpse of the famous star.
The young Qi-sheng Liu (played by Zheng-long) was experiencing writer's block on his new screenplay and had just met a country girl Mei-yue Jiang (played by Xin-ya An).
By chance, Mei-yue came with the film crew and stood in as an extra on the set.
Qi-sheng was attracted by her charm, but a movie star named Yue-feng Jin (played Tian-xin) wanted Qi-sheng for herself.
After the success of No.
7 Spy,the film company decided to produce a sequel.
The relationship between Qi-sheng and Mei-yue was blossoming, but the director died suddenly when they started to produce the new film.
The director of the film company asked Qi-sheng to take over this work and continue to produce the film.
Unfortunately, a series of problems occurred ultimately leading to cancellation of the production.
The plot terminates with the revealing of whether or not the dream lover of Xiao-jie's grandmother was her grandfather or the Taiwanese star Bao-long Wan.
Nikhil (Sidharth Malhotra) is a struggling businessman whose girlfriend Karishma (Adah Sharma) is an actress.
Nikhil is a guy who believes that once you are committed to a girl, there should be no straying.
Karishma asks Nikhil to arrange before marriage, which is 7 days later, to earn a contract.
Nikhil meets Meeta (Parineeti Chopra), Karishma's younger sister, with whom he had a brief encounter 7 years ago.
Meeta, who is an IITian in Chemical Engineering and PhD, is a super-intelligent geek with unusual behaviour and habits, who ran away 7 years ago to China after stealing money from her own father, leading to his heart attack.
Now, just a week before Nikhil and Karishma's wedding, Meeta has turned up to meet her father, but Karishma is scared that her sister's sudden appearance might ruin their wedding.
Hence, Karishma assigns Nikhil to keep Meeta away from her father (Manoj Joshi).
Meeta has returned with an intention to steal again but her involvement with Nikhil during the next 7 days diverts her attention.
During these 7 days, with many personal and social activities, Nikhil and Meeta fall in love but Nikhil backs off as he doesn't want to betray Karishma.
He comes to know that for her research, Meeta has taken a heavy loan of from a Chinese investor by forging her father's signature.
The deadline for payback is over and an extension of three days was given, during which she has to steal money from her father's account to save him from the investor's goons.
Nikhil helps Meeta to hack her father's account but advises her to apologize to her family.
Meeta reunites with her family and Nikhil realizes he is marrying the wrong girl.
Meeta is unable to gather the courage to steal her father's money and tells her father the truth.
Her father forgives her and provides her with the money.
Nikhil later tells Meeta on the phone that he should have gone with her to Goa when she asked him to come with her 7 years ago.
Meeta tells him that it is not too late for them to run away.
When Nikhil comes to Meeta's house to run away with her, he sees Karishma with her family and returns home, realizing the complications.
Nikhil later scolds Meeta for being so ready to run away and says that he cannot torture Karishma even though Karishma has emotionally tortured him throughout their relationship.
Nikhil leaves Meeta and later regrets doing so.
On the wedding day, Meeta leaves her house without telling anyone, leaving her mobile phone inside Karishma's room.
Nikhil tries to call her and sends many texts, which go unanswered.
Karishma finds Meeta's phone in her room, reads the messages, and realizes she has lost Nikhil.
She asks Nikhil to leave the wedding, her decision supported by her father.
Meeta returns to the wedding to try to win Nikhil back.
The two reunite and express their love.
The movie ends with Nikhil and Meeta at the airport, scheduled to travel to Germany.
Meeta tells him that there is another problem waiting for them there.
Mrs.
Sommers comes into the small fortune of $15.
After a few days of reflection, she decides to use the money to purchase clothing for her children so they may look "fresh and dainty and new for once in their lives".
That narrative suggests that mrs Sommers had been before her marriage a wealthy woman, but now "needs of the present absorbed her every faculty".
An exhausted mrs Sommers rests at counter where she will begin her shopping adventure.
There she finds a pair of silk stockings for sale and is entranced by their smoothness.
"Not thinking at all," she disregards her plans of procuring clothes for her children and instead spends her money and her afternoon for herself.
She purchases boots to go with her stockings, gets fitted for gloves, reads expensive magazines while lunching at a high-class restaurant, and ends her day sharing chocolates with a fellow theatre goer.
After the play ends, she boards the cable car to return home with "a poignant wish, a powerful longing that the cable car would never stop anywhere, but go on and on with her forever".
In the Paris Exposition of 1900, tourists are guided around a zoo (a rather cruel zoo by today's standards), but are panic-stricken to find a wildcat has escaped.
Elsewhere, the escaped wildcat stalks around the park.
Seeing an animal controller from the zoo pursuing her, she spots some black and white paint nearby and paints herself to look like a skunk, scaring the animal controller off.
Her black and white appearance however attracts the attention of Pepé Le Pew, who, after some flirting, receives a mauling.
He shrugs it off, saying, "I like it" (this has caused the cartoon much controversy for implying sadomasochism).
The wildcat hides inside a fortune teller's hut and Pepé, disguised as a swami, predicts to her that she will meet a fine gentleman.
When she runs outside, Pepé is there already, as was foretold.
He again receives a mauling from the wildcat, and incorrectly assumes, "Flirt".
Later on, Pepé wanders into a wax museum finding the wildcat posing as a boa around the neck of a wax sculpture of Marie Antoinette and he himself poses as a coonskin cap on a sculpture of Daniel Boone.
The wildcat flees and hides inside a suit of armor with Pepé in there.
A third mauling from the wildcat causes the parts of the suit to rearrange themselves.
The wildcat then hides inside a replica of Madame Pompadour's carriage and Pepé is in there again.
After a fourth mauling, he asks himself in a daze if it was worth continuing the chase and answers the question himself by saying it was worth it.
The wildcat carries the chase outside, getting more tired as Pepé pursues her.
She comes by a hot air balloon, climbs inside and cuts the support ropes, launching the balloon into the air.
Pepé appears beside her again and he receives one final mauling as the balloon floats upwards into the sky ("If you have not tried it, do not knock it.
".
).
When Joel (Rudd) and Molly (Poehler) meet, it's hate at first sight: his big Corporate Candy Company threatens to shut down her quirky indie candy shop.
But amazingly (and predictably), they fall in love, until they break up and then must find their way back together.
On their 35th wedding anniversary, we hear the story of how the couple met in college.
"Petey" Simmons is a wealthy newcomer, so rival fraternities fight over him.
His ego swells as frat boys and comely co-eds alike bide for his time.
Petey keeps getting into trouble, too, including an arrest.
At a school dance, Petey's shy roommate has worked up the nerve to invite campus beauty Mirabel Allstairs to be his date.
The increasingly arrogant Petey ignores his own date, Martha Scroggs, dancing with other girls instead.
Petey pulls pranks on campus, going so far as to change a professor's clocks to delay an exam.
A later act of vandalism leads to yet another arrest.
This time the judge threatens to throw the book at Petey, sentencing him to six months in jail.
Petey asks for a week's continuance before sentencing, then uses the time to court Martha, having discovered her to be the daughter of the judge.
Once his scheme is revealed, Petey is locked in the town jail by the angry judge.
Martha is smitten with him now, however, throws a rock to get arrested so she can end up in the next cell, holding hands with Petey between the bars.
Back in the present, the old judge still can't believe how his daughter and son-in-law ended up together.
They also hear that Petey Jr.
has just been placed under arrest, which doesn't surprise the judge a bit.
A West Point cadet falls in love with a girl who sings in his brother's band.
Football player Tod Lowell is the son of a man running for governor, who needs the support of a political boss.
Tod's dad asks a favor, that Tod spend a few weeks squiring Gertrude Morgan, the man's daughter.
Trouble is, Tod's been romantically involved with Betty Gilbert, a nightclub singer, while Gert's gotten engaged to Tod's football rival, Andy Mason.
A few tricks are played on the parents to make them believe Tod and Gertrude are serious, but just as they are about to return to their former partners, the two realize they actually have fallen for one another.
Cedric (Kevin Hart) begins by saying how Las Vegas has always been a place for casinos and showgirls, and is the perfect place for couples to get married.
Cedric and his friends are all in Las Vegas for the wedding of Michael (Terrence J) and Candace (Regina Hall), with her son Duke (Caleel Harris) and mother (Angela Gibbs) joining them.
Zeke (Romany Malco) and Mya (Meagan Good) arrive, with Zeke's womanizing past constantly being brought up by old friends and former flames, including the concierge at the hotel, who throws her drink in his face.
Bennett (Gary Owen) and his wife Tish (Wendi McLendon-Covey) are trying to get a spark back in their marriage.
Jeremy (Jerry Ferrara) and Kristen (Gabrielle Union) have married and are now trying for a baby.
Dominic (Michael Ealy) and Lauren (Taraji Henson) are reunited after spending time away from each other, and they make out in the limousine.
Finally, Cedric pulls up to the hotel in a gaudy sports car, happily getting away from his wife Gail (Wendy Williams).
The men and women separate to enjoy their day.
Cedric books himself a lavish suite and intends to go all out for a wild weekend.
Michael's overbearing mother Loretta (Jenifer Lewis) doesn't approve of his engagement with Candace, still thinking no woman is good enough for her son.
Loretta even takes over the bachelorette party duties, even though Lauren is the maid of honor.
The women start to have a party for Candace, complete with their own blow-up doll (named Idris), until Loretta makes up her own party, which is boring.
This, along with Candace's desire to have the perfect wedding, heaps on the stress.
Among other problems plaguing the couples include Lauren being called by her boss Lee (Kelsey Grammer), who tells her she is being considered for aOO.
position in New York, meaning she will be separated from Dominic.
Kristen tries to get Jeremy to have sex with her and by roleplaying "Game of Thrones" characters, but Jeremy has reservations about becoming a father.
He's also not thrilled about having to give up smoking weed, and he instead brought weed breath strips.
Mya is ready to marry Zeke, but Zeke shows hesitation.
While the ladies have to deal with Loretta, Lauren and Candace conspire to set her up with Candace's Uncle Eddie.
Loretta takes the ladies out to dinner, and after plans to take Candace to see Dionne Warwick.
Uncle Eddie (Dennis Haysbert) shows up and begins flirting with Loretta.
The ladies leave them to go see Dionne Warwick together, so they can leave to have fun.
Elsewhere, the guys are hitting the casinos, with Cedric trying to score as much as he can.
They run into Michael's old frat brothers Isaac (Adam Brody) and Terrell (David Walton), who just want to party.
Dominic is then pulled aside by a chef who offers him a position there in Vegas, which could possibly jumpstart his career.
The ladies gives Tish a makeover and Mya giving her a black suit (complete with a montage) to undo her frumpy housewife look to a more alluring style.
They then take the guys' party bus to the club, forcing the guys to either take a Chippendale-type bus, or walk.
They choose the latter.
On the bus, the ladies find Jeremy's weed strips and take them, while Lauren gets a call from her boss who officially makes her COO.
Cedric finds himself in trouble when Gail finds out that he's been using her card to pay for his expenses, running her up to $40,000 in charges.
He tries to win it back at the casino, putting it all on his "lucky number" 15.
While his back turned, Zeke pulls the chips away to leave only one to spare Cedric the loss.
However, the ball does land on 15, and Cedric is angry at Zeke.
Meanwhile, the ladies start to feel the effects of dance clubs, and they end up making an impromptu video to Bell Biv DeVoe's "Poison".
As a last resort, Cedric takes the guys to the club (the same one the ladies are at) for amateur's night, dressing in various costumes to try and win some money.
This, however, turns into a disaster when Michael sees Candace getting a lap dance; he charges to attack the dancer, leading to an all-out fight between the guys, the ladies, and the dancers.
They are all put in jail for the night.
Realizing that the wedding is in a few hours, they all try to call someone for help, but with no luck: Loretta is busy spending the night with Eddie in her room; Gail is already shacking up with Drake (who appears as himself); Bennett's mother has gone to pick up his kid.
Jeremy sees the way he talks to his child, and is influenced to become a father.
The guys blame Cedric for getting them into this mess.
Loretta sees the messages on her phone and rushes to bail them out.
Everybody rushes to the venue for the wedding, but they are too late, and their spot has been taken; Candace runs away crying, and Michael leaves without a word.
The couples decide to resolve their problems, except for Bennett and Tish.
Jeremy decides that he's finally committed to being a father, and Kristen reveals she might be pregnant (though she claims to be a week late), bringing the two closer.
Dominic and Lauren admit that they were considered for good jobs, but they each turned them down so they could be together.
Zeke explains and apologizes to Mya for everything that's been going on, and finally proposes to her; Mya accepts.
Loretta is unable to find Michael and looks for him in Candace's room.
She tells Candace maybe it was for the best and that if she really loves her son, she would finish packing and leave him, making Candace more overwhelmed and fed up.
Michael walks in on this and has become fed up with his mother and decides to show tough love and tells his mother that she must apologize to Candace, but she refuses.
Michael declares that he will marry Candace whether she likes it or not, and that she will no longer be invited to the wedding.
Candace disagrees with Michael, saying that he needs to apologize to Loretta, because as a mother herself, she would be heartbroken if her own son did not let her go to his wedding.
Loretta, recognizing her mistakes, makes the first move and finally apologizes; the three reconcile.
Cedric, feeling like a failure as a best man, packs his bags to leave Vegas; however, with the help of his personal butler, Declan (Jim Piddock), he finds another venue.
Candace and Michael are married, and everybody, including Loretta, cheers and celebrates.
In the end, Cedric becomes fed up with Vegas, and as the group leaves the hotel, he lets Bennett have his last dollar.
Bennett then wins $100,000 on a slot machine.
Cedric tries to claim the prize as it was his dollar, though everybody else tries to hold him back from fighting Bennett.
In this romantic comedy, Liechtenhaus (a fictional tiny European principality) is being ruled by Prince Max (David Warner), but the little country is nearly bankrupt.
In fact, if he can't get an infusion of cash quickly, he may have to sell the royal palace to American developers as a casino complex.
Fortunately, he's got a very pretty daughter, Princess Sofia (Barbara Snellenburg) and the dowry he will get from marrying her off to the unappealing, but wealthy heir to a similar nearby principality will more than get his tiny country in the clear.
Unfortunately for him, his daughter is adamant about refusing this arranged marriage and prefers romance with a handsome but penniless windsurfing instructor (Raoul Bova) to saving her country.
Nefarious schemes are called for and when the Princess is kidnapped, something must be done.
Brian Bloom (Anton Yelchin), a struggling 24-year-old writer in New York City, meets a 33-year-old French woman named Arielle Pierpoint (Bérénice Marlohe).
After their second meeting, Arielle reveals that she is married to a diplomat, Valery (Lambert Wilson), and they have two young children.
Arielle and Valery have an agreement that each is allowed to have extramarital affairs as long as they are confined to the hours between 5 and 7m.
on weeknights.
Brian is perplexed at this information and tells Arielle that he cannot continue the relationship with her, believing it is an unethical affair.
Arielle says that, should he change his mind, she will continue to smoke on Fridays at the same place they met.
After three weeks Brian decides to meet again with Arielle.
She gives him a hotel key and in the evening at the hotel room they consummate their relationship.
They begin to meet regularly at the same hotel room in the evenings.
Valery, who is aware of Brian's affair with Arielle, approaches him on the street and invites Brian to his house for dinner.
At dinner, Brian meets Arielle and Valery's children and is introduced to Valery's lover, Jane (Olivia Thirlby).
Arielle later meets Brian's parents, Sam (Frank Langella) and Arlene (Glenn Close).
Upon learning that Arielle is a married mother of two, Sam tells Brian that he disapproves of the relationship, while Arlene accepts that they love each other despite the circumstances.
When Brian is invited to a New Yorker ceremony to receive an award for one of his short stories, he is joined by Arielle, Valery, Jane, and his parents.
Jane tells Brian that her boss Galassi (Eric Stoltz), a publisher, has read his story and wants Brian to write a novel.
Brian meets Arielle at the hotel and asks her to marry him, giving her a ring.
She rejects his proposal and tells him that their feelings have always been different due to their age difference.
Brian insists that he is truly in love with her, and Arielle reluctantly accepts his proposal, telling him to meet her the next day at the hotel.
Valery shows up at Brian's apartment that night; he slaps Brian and expresses anger at Brian's betrayal of the rules and boundaries of an open marriage.
He then gives Brian a check for $250,000 for "expenses" and leaves.
The next day, the hotel doorman gives Brian a letter from Arielle in which she explains that although she loves him deeply, she cannot leave her husband and children, and asks him not to contact her again.
Jane later ends her relationship with Valery because it feels like a betrayal of her friendship with Brian, and Brian's first novel is published by Galassi.
After some years, Brian is walking down the street with his wife, Kiva (Jocelyn DeBoer), and their baby son.
They run into Arielle, Valery and their now-teenage children outside the Guggenheim.
Valery asks about Jane, and Brian tells him that she is married with a son.
Arielle shows Brian subtly that she still wears the ring he gave to her before they part again.
Megan is unemployed and single, and one day she joins a dating website.
Her roommates, who just want her to move out, invite her to a party at a club.
After a bouncer refuses to let her into the club on the grounds that she looks too young and she is without ID, she sees her ex-fiancé, Chris, and later decides to have a one-night stand with one of the men she saw on the website, Alec.
The next morning, they are less than cordial to each other, but Megan can't leave because of a blizzard.
Forced to spend more time together, the two end up telling each other what they did wrong the previous night, convinced that they will never see each other again, and Megan suggests that they "try again".
The two make love again, with far better results.
Afterwards, Megan discovers a closet full of women's clothes, and pictures of Alec with a girl.
She finds out that Alec's girlfriend, Daisy, had written a note to him, saying that she wanted to break up, but hadn't given it to him, but he had found it accidentally.
Alec wanted to have something to rub in her face when she broke up with him, and so he had joined the dating website.
Angry, Megan leaves.
When Daisy returns, she finds a note that Megan had scribbled, and she and Alec exchange the notes that they had found, and they break up.
At a New Year's Eve party, Megan is arrested because the same note was found in Alec's neighbor's apartment, which the two had broken into earlier.
Alec arrives to the prison with flowers and balloons.
He pays bail, but Megan refuses to see him or even leave the holding cell.
Later, when her roommates come to pay bail, Alec apologizes, saying that he didn't know her last name and that this was the only way he thought he could see her again.
He says that it might be something that the two of them would laugh about years later, but Megan is still angry because she had to spend time in jail.
She makes him a deal, asking for his number and promising to call him the moment she laughed about it.
She takes a closer look at the presents he gave her.
Minutes later, she starts laughing upon seeing the balloon read "I'm sorry, I'm an asshole" and calls Alec.
He meets her outside the police station and they kiss in the middle of the road, when it starts snowing again.
Cafe Metropole owner Victor Lobard (Adolphe Menjou) first has to get drunken American Alexander Brown (Tyrone Power) to leave his exclusive establishment after closing time.
Then he is visited by a distraught Maxl Schinner.
Maxl loaned him 900,000 francs (which he embezzled), and Victor has not repaid anything.
Victor asks for another 60,000 francs and promises to repay everything at 6 o'clock that evening.
Maxl gives him the money.
Victor risks the 60,000 francs at baccarat and wins 420,000 more.
Alexander Brown wagers the full amount against him, but loses.
Victor seemingly has the money he needs, but then Brown confesses he is penniless.
Victor coerces Alexis into posing as a Russian nobleman, Prince Alexis Paneiev, and wooing heiress Laura Ridgeway (Loretta Young), the daughter of an old friend of Victor's, so that Victor can get his hands on the girl's money.
"Alexis" shows up early at the cafe and goes to the Metropole's florist's shop for a boutonnière.
There he is mistaken by Laura for an employee; Alexis is enchanted, without knowing who she is.
When Laura joins her father at their table, she asks Victor to steer some celebrities or royalty her way.
Then, Alexis makes his entrance and is greeted by Victor as "your highness", much to Laura's embarrassment.
Victor manages it so that Alexis dances with Laura.
They get along wonderfully.
However, there is a complication.
Alexis is called away by a waiter to answer a telephone call.
There is no call: the waiter turns out to be the real Alexis Paneiev.
Victor manages to soothe his outraged honor and obtain his silence for 50,000 francs.
Alexis is in love with Laura, so he tries to discourage her love for him, without revealing the sordid details, without much luck.
He tells Victor that he will tell her the truth, but when she telephones and asks him to marry her, he at last says yes.
Victor has his lawyer Monnet present Alexis with a contract, asking for half a million dollars from Laura's father before the wedding, and the same amount after, as well as various sums for any children.
This so disgusts Alexis that he tells Victor that he is through with the scheme; Victor, after trying to bluff him into submission, pretends to give up and gives him back his passport and his bad check.
Then Victor tells Joseph Ridgeway, Laura's father, that Alexis is a fraud.
He cons Ridgeway into believing he bought Alexis off; Ridgeway writes him a check for a million francs.
Ridgeway tells Laura the news, but she surprises him by saying she knew all along.
However, when he states that he bought Alexis off, Laura does not believe him.
She is certain that Alexis is in trouble and insists on finding out what is going on.
Ridgeway asks the Sûreté to arrest Alexis.
Instead, they jail the genuine prince.
When Laura goes to the jail to see her Alexis, she is surprised to find an older man, who reveals that Victor is involved somehow.
As Laura is leaving, she finds Alexis, or rather Alexander, being charged with fraud.
Everything is eventually straightened out, and the happy couple are reunited.
In the spring of 1945 in San Francisco, United States Navy lieutenant Dudley Briggs (Ray Milland) is promised a two-week furlough and a promotion by his ship's captain if he can acquire a bottle of French champagne by the next morning to be used in launching of theSS.
Vengeance, the Navy's newest aircraft carrier.
Dudley heads to a liquor store and finds the last magnum of French champagne in the city—champagne having become rare during the war.
Unfortunately, he loses the bottle to a beautiful young woman named Margie Dawson (Olivia de Havilland), who is about to be married to Army lieutenant Torchy McNeil (Sonny Tufts), an Oregon football star, whom she has not seen in two years.
Margie plans to present the bottle as the centerpiece for her upcoming wedding reception.
Dudley accompanies the couple to their hotel, where he tries to steal the magnum, but is unsuccessful in his efforts.
Undaunted, he arranges a meeting between Torchy and his ex-girl friend, Rita Sloan (Constance Dowling).
When Margie finds them together, she calls off the wedding and goes out with Dudley in order to get back at her former fiancée.
Following Margie and Dudley onto the Richmond Ferry, Torchy confronts them, insisting that a marriage must have only "one quarterback".
After giving him the magnum, Margie again breaks up with him.
On the ferry, Dudley confesses to Margie that he is in love with her, but she suspects he only wants the champagne.
Their date is interrupted by Dudley's commanding officer, captain Hornby, who has them arrested and arranges for Margie herself to christen the ship with the bottle of French champagne.
Meanwhile, Margie's father arrives for her wedding.
After finding Torchy in Margie's robe, has him brought to the Provost Marshal on a charge of insanity.
Hornby arrives and has Torchy released so he can convince him to give up the magnum of champagne.
When Hornby mentions Dudley's girl friend in front of Margie, she is certain Dudley does not love her.
Margie's father, however, believes Dudley loves Margie and suggests that she return the bottle of champagne to Dudley to see what he will do.
At first, Torchy and Rita refuse to give up the bottle, but when they see theSS.
Vengeance about to be christened with a tiny bottle, their feelings of patriotism inspire a change of mind.
Torchy, the former football star, makes a perfect pass with the bottle of champagne, and Margie christens the ship.
Soon after, Margie receives a telegram from Dudley instructing her to meet him with the biggest bottle of champagne she can find—for their wedding.
Dado Tagalog and Manuel dela Cruz are two Overseas Filipino workers employed with Giant Bicycles in Taiwan.
While Dado misses his wife and daughter back home, he has been dating a Personal Care Assistant named Anna.
Meanwhile, Manuel has hopelessly been in love with a club hostess named Cecilia.
One Sunday after Church, a chain of events occurs between the two friends.
Manuel tries to ask Cecilia out on a date when he spots her at a hair salon.
He does her a favor by buying mango ice drinks for Cecilia and her companions, only for them to flake out on him.
Dado foolishly decides to break up with Anna on her birthday, which he had forgotten all along.
As the duo talk about their heartbreaking experiences over lunch, they notice a Taiwanese couple arguing over a red couch that is delivered on their doorstep.
When the couple and delivery workers abandon the couch, Manuel sees it as a sign from God and decides that he and Dado bring it back to their dormitory.
After a friend overcharges them for offering to deliver it on his truck and the local bus refuses to accommodate it, Dado and Manuel have no choice but to carry the couch on foot.
In the middle of their journey, they cross a street when a drunk motorcyclist collides with the couch.
The motorcyclist argues heavily with the duo until all three men are sent to the police station when the motorcyclist accidentally hits a policewoman with his helmet.
At the precinct, Manuel begins to fear of being deported when an officer wonders if the duo stole the couch, but the policewoman lets the duo go after filing her report.
After walking for a few kilometers, the duo rest on the couch when an Ilonggo woman in a taxicab meets them.
She offers them a truck for them to borrow for free to deliver the couch the next day, but Manuel politely declines the offer because they would have to leave the couch at that spot overnight, much to Dado's dismay.
Manuel offers to buy Dado a snack to calm him down, but when he returns, he sees Dado give the couch away to a junk collector; eventually, the duo chase after and hitch a ride on the junk collector's three-wheeler pickup.
They fall asleep during the trip and wake up to discover that they are at a recycling plant.
The duo get into an argument and Dado threatens to leave Manuel at the plant, but he changes his mind when he steals a shopping cart from a group of kids and they strap the couch on it.
Later, Manuel and Dado argue over using the couch as a side business at the dormitory when a news reporter stops to interview them after they indirectly prevented a young man from jumping off an apartment building during their journey.
After they run away from the reporter, she broadcasts a report on them, asking if they are thieves or heroes.
As night falls, the duo ditch the shopping cart to cross the river in a shortcut, but get into yet another heated argument after they nearly drown.
Manuel finally admits that they won't make it in time before the curfew, but Dado encourages him to relax.
Dado calls Anna and asks for forgiveness.
While the dormitory gate closes for curfew, Manuel and Dado spend the rest of the night singing on the couch floating on the river.
The next morning, the duo wake up and take a bus home, abandoning the couch on the riverbanks.
Manuel and Dado return to the Philippines, where they relax by the beach before going home by tricycle.
They talk about what to eat for dinner before thinking about running a furniture business.
Socialite Jean Howard (Ida Lupino) is stirred to patriotism and eager to help the war effort.
When she overhears her father, Howard (an uncredited Paul Harvey), complain that the military has taken all of the salesmen of his oil rig supply company, she volunteers to take their place.
gives in, though he reminds her that she has never worked a day in her life.
On one business trip, she arrives at a town where the only available place to sleep is a bungalow reserved for married couples.
When she is mistaken for the war bride of a lieutenant, she goes along.
To register at the Colonial Auto Court, however, she has to produce her "husband".
She persuades a very reluctant Lieutenant Don Mallory (William Prince) to help her out, promising it will only take a few minutes of his day off.
The couple become trapped in their masquerade as newlyweds when they run into Don's commanding officer, Colonel Michael Otley (Sydney Greenstreet), who lives just a few doors down with his wife.
When Jean goes out to see prospective customer Earl "Slim" Clark (Johnny Mitchell), he insists on taking her out to dinner to discuss the deal.
To maintain appearances, Don goes along.
The dinner does not go well.
While trying to restrain a drunk acquaintance, Slim accidentally knocks Don out and is himself rendered unconscious by the drunk man.
When they return to the auto court, Don and Jean have to sleep under the same roof on their "wedding night".
He gives her the bed and sleeps first in the kitchen, which proves too uncomfortable, so he goes outdoors.
Complications ensue when Otley takes an interest in the couple and insists that Don make Jean the beneficiary of his insurance policy and allot her part of his pay.
Don's mother also arrives for a visit unexpectedly early.
During a dinner party given by the Otleys for the couple, the colonel mentions to Jean the impending court martial of another lieutenant who lied about being married.
Alarmed, she drinks too much sherry to steady her nerves.
While drunk, she privately reveals to Don that she has fallen in love with him.
The charade is finally revealed when the colonel and Don's mother meet.
Jean's father also joins the festivities.
Fortunately, Lucille (Willie Best), a male auto court employee, tells Otley that he did see Don sleep outside, so the colonel does not press charges.
Don decides the thing to do is to get married for real, much to Jean's delight.
The comedy is about a co-dependent friendship between two very different girls—straight type-A Paige (Jacobs) and lesbian slacker Sasha (Meester)—All is fine until Paige meets Tim (Brody), a young and charming doctor.
As the relationship heats up, Paige and Sasha have to learn how to work Tim into their friendship.
Joe (Veronica Kedar) is a drug dealer who was born in New York City but lives in Israel.
She travels from Bangkok to Tel Aviv smuggling drugs.
Joe delivers the drugs to Abigail (Romi Aboulafia) who tells her to meet at the club 'Dark Eighties' later that night in order to sell the drugs.
Belle (Sivan Levy) a patient staying at Tel Aviv Psychiatric Hospital is released into the care of her mother (Florence Bloch), yet after learning that her parents got rid of her pet 'Fred' she runs away.
She climbs onto the roof of a building and strips off her clothes to commit suicide.
Before jumping she notices an open window and decides to go inside.
After getting close to the window she finds it is in fact closed but she smashes it and goes inside anyway.
When Joe arrives home to her apartment, she hears noises in her bathroom.
Armed with a guitar she goes in to find the suicidal Belle lying in her bathtub with a razor in her hand.
Belle is immediately smitten by Joe and talks her into allowing her to go to 'Dark Eighties' together, although she still carries the razor around with her.
At the club Joe tries to leave Belle but she follows her home again.
Once back home Joe locks Belle outside, but she knocks on the door continuously until Joe lets her in.
When Joe goes out for cigarettes Belle looks around the kitchen for food but finds a gun hidden inside the microwave which she trades for her razor and then goes to sleep on the couch.
Joe's ex-boyfriend Matan (Yotam Ishay) arrives at the apartment and mistakes the sleeping Belle for Joe.
Belle wakes up when Matan kisses her feet and she pulls out the gun, he tries to talk her into giving him the gun but she just shoots him instead.
Joe arrives to find Matan on the ground and she takes the gun from Belle, but when Matan suddenly wakes up she shoots him in shock, killing him.
Abigail, who is waiting for her boyfriend Matan to return home, thinks he may be cheating on her with Joe and leaves a threatening voice mail on his answer machine.
In order to move the body they attempt to steal a car.
Belle sexually propositions a man with a car who follows her into an alley where she knocks him out and steals his car keys.
Discovering that neither of the girls can drive they leave the car and head back to the apartment.
They wrap the body in blankets and then Joe calls Abigail and asks to borrow her van.
Initially agreeing to help move the body, Abigail becomes distressed when she realizes that it is Matan wrapped in the blankets.
After dumping the body in a river Joe and Belle talk about ex lovers and Joe finds out Belle is a Lesbian.
The three girls then go to a nearby club and Abigail leaves to phone corrupt police officer Tzedek (Ra'anan Hefetz) and tells him Joe and Belle killed Matan.
Joe and Belle panic when they see flashing police lights outside, slip out of the club and hide in a local hotel room.
After confirming their feelings for each other they begin to kiss when police officer Assi (Nitai Gvirtz) knocks on their door.
Initially investigating another crime as he is about to leave he gets notified of Matan's murder over the police radio and Belle hits him over the head with the hotel phone and handcuffs him to the bathtub.
Joe and Belle get on a bus and phone Abigail to let her know they are going to Eilat.
Abigail, Tzedek and female police officer Shlomtsi (Noa Provisor) head to Eilat to arrest Joe and Belle.
After the phone call Joe becomes suspicious of Abigail and they get off the bus and head to Sderot, a city that is an ongoing target of Qassam rocket attacks.
After playfully running around Sderot a warning siren for qassam rocket attacks sounds and they hide out in a public bathroom.
Whilst hiding out they have sex for the first time.
Afterwards they go to a cafe to eat and they meet Yoni (Shalev Gelber) who is trying to buy drugs.
Joe decides to quit being a drug dealer and gives all the drugs she has to Yoni for free.
Shlomtsi and Tzedek who are still waiting in Eilat begin to suspect Abigail.
They arrest her for the murder based on the evidence of blood in her van, her sheets were used to wrap the body and the threatening answer machine message.
Joe and Belle rent an apartment and go to a local open mic night were Joe sings a song for Belle.
The film ends with Joe and Belle, who are no longer being chased by police for murder, happily living in Sderot together, despite the constant rocket attacks.
When Stephen Dexter (Brian Aherne), boss of Dexter Cement, competes with the giants in his industry, they strike back by threatening to get an injunction against him the next day and tie up his business if he will not cooperate.
Facing bankruptcy, he still refuses to give in.
Van Horn (Robert Benchley), his lawyer and longtime friend, suggests he get married that day and transfer all his assets to his new wife to get around the injunction.
Stephen wants to marry his current girlfriend, blonde Phyllis Walden (Virginia Bruce), but his second in command, Kendal Browning (Rosalind Russell), has other ideas.
Early on in their working relationship, she had fended off his romantic advances, but has come to regret it.
When Stephen sends her to see Phyllis, Kendal words the offer is such a way that Phyllis suspects it is a trap designed to expose her gold-digging motives.
So she turns the second-hand marriage proposal down.
Running out of time, Stephen asks Kendal to marry him.
She accepts, and they fly to South Carolina to see a justice of the peace.
Kendal eventually confesses to Stephen what she did to make Phyllis reject him, angering her husband.
However, they have to live under the same roof to avoid suspicion that their marriage is a sham.
Van Horn becomes a reluctant chaperon, rooming with Stephen.
When Stephen sneaks away to a nightclub to explain things to Phyllis, Kendal follows.
She runs into her handsome Latin friend Jose (John Carroll), who is curious to see what Stephen looks like.
Kendal comes up with the idea to have the penniless Jose pose as a wealthy man to divert Phyllis.
When Stephen's business competitors give up their underhanded tactics, he asks Kendal for a divorce.
To his surprise, she refuses to give him one.
However, the justice of the peace who married them shows up at the office and apologizes: his license had expired, so the marriage is invalid.
When Phyllis and Jose separately converge on the office, he is finally revealed to be a fraud financed by Kendal.
Kendal and Jose leave.
Afterward, though, Stephen and Phyllis admit to themselves that they really love Kendal and Jose, respectively.
Both couples are happily reunited.
Megan (Keira Knightley) is an aimless twenty-eight-year-old who is in a committed relationship with her high school sweetheart and is still close with her high school friends.
At her friend Allison's (Ellie Kemper) wedding, her boyfriend unexpectedly proposes marriage.
She also sees her father cheating on her mother.
Shocked and confused, she flees and runs into teenager Annika (Chloë Grace Moretz) and her friends.
After buying them alcohol, Megan plays with their skateboard.
When they ask her to join them on their night out, she does.
Returning home, Megan's boyfriend suggests that rather than have a big wedding they elope.
Megan agrees but delays the wedding by pretending that she has a week-long career advice seminar to attend.
Megan receives a call from Annika asking her to pretend to be her absentee mother at a guidance counsellor's meeting.
Megan goes to the meeting and afterwards asks Annika if, in return, she can stay at her house.
Annika is unsuccessful at sneaking Megan into her house, where her single-parent lawyer father Craig (Sam Rockwell) questions Megan about her relationship with his daughter.
Megan lies that there was a gap between her lease expiring and her moving to a new apartment.
Craig reluctantly allows her to stay and gradually begins to trust her.
Annika asks Megan to drive her to her estranged mother's house to see her for the first time in years.
Craig asks Megan to go out drinking and they later have sex.
The next morning, he offers to let her stay in his home longer than the week she asked for, but she declines.
Annika, seeing them kiss, tentatively tells Megan that she approves of the relationship.
Megan reveals that she is still engaged after Annika finds the engagement ring in Megan's purse and that Craig has no idea.
On the way home from shopping for Annika's prom dress, the two begin fighting, causing Patrick to accidentally crash the car.
He tells Megan that he has been drinking the wine that she bought for them because he is upset that his parents are sending him to boarding school in the fall.
Feeling guilty, Megan tells the police that she was the one driving the car.
She still has alcohol on her breath from that morning and is arrested.
When Craig arrives to free her, Megan reveals her engagement as well as the fact that she bought alcohol for his daughter.
Megan's father picks her up from the police station.
He says he has confessed his cheating to her mother and they are still trying to work things out.
Misty shows up at Megan's door with the white dress Megan bought and a few other things left over from the car crash.
She tries to convince Megan to go to prom.
When Anthony comes down the girls lie and say Misty is a girl Megan was mentoring at the seminar.
Once he goes back upstairs Misty offers her a ticket for prom, urging her to go one last time but this time saying to do it for Annika.
Even then Megan continues to lie to her fiancé about where she had been for the past week.
At the airport he takes a selfie and sends it to their high school friends.
Megan, believing that their relationship is stifling her, breaks up with him, unfriends all of her high school best friends and proceeds to go to Annika's prom, where she tells Annika to be honest and pursue Junior, a friend whom she is in love with.
Megan goes to Craig's house, and leaves him a note on a box of wine asking him to check one of two boxes labeled 'yes' or 'no' to the question 'Can we try again.
', and knocks on the front door.
Craig answers the door, reads the note, sees her at the bottom of the steps and closes the door on her.
Afterwards she knocks again and picks up the hidden keys outside, but before she can unlock the door Craig opens the door again, she tells him she has fallen in love with him, he lets her in.
After his girlfriend Beth Slocum (Aubrey Plaza) dies, Zach Orfman (Dane DeHaan) is left devastated.
He begins to spend time with Beth's parents Maury (John Reilly) and Geenie (Molly Shannon) as a source of comfort.
Zach confesses to Maury that he and Beth were having problems in their relationship; Maury advises him not to let the end of the relationship define it.
The Slocums stop contacting Zach.
Confused, he goes to their house and sees Beth through a window.
Zach yells at the Slocums to let him in but his brother Kyle, a security officer, escorts him off the premises.
At home, Zach's manic demeanor and strange comments that Beth is alive causes his parents, Judy and Noah, to worry.
That night, Zach breaks in and discovers that Beth's parents have been hiding her.
A heated argument ensues before Zach storms off.
Later, he goes to Beth's grave and sees a large hole in its place.
He confronts Geenie and Maury with this and they explain that, after the funeral, Beth suddenly reappeared, seemingly alive and well.
Beth's parents are reluctant to let her leave the house, especially during daytime, and refuse to tell her that she died.
When Zach takes Beth on a daytime date in the park, she gets blisters on her face, apparently from the sun.
Maury bans Zach from the Slocum house and seeing Beth, but Zach continues to sneak in.
Zach starts to notice people around town acting similarly to Beth, who has grown increasingly violent and has mood swings; he also discovers smooth jazz can calm her down.
He also notes that Beth and people like her are stronger now than when they were living humans.
Zach brings Beth to her grave and informs her of her death and resurrection, then tries to break up with her, only for her to angrily run off with his car.
Zach walks home and discovers his family members shocked by the sudden reappearance of his dead grandfather.
Maury picks up Zach and tells him that Beth is extremely upset, insisting that Zach tell her that he lied about her death and promise to be with her forever; Zach reluctantly agrees.
Zach's attempts to talk to Beth fail.
When she eats a bystander, he drives away, with her in the car.
Maury catches them, knocks Zach unconscious, and takes Beth.
Once he has recovered, Zach heads home, and finds a stranger inside the house and burnt bodies in the backyard.
Believing his family dead, Zach packs his bags, and prepares to leave the state.
However, he changes his mind and drives back to the Slocum house.
He finds the house is in disarray, with Geenie and Beth in the kitchen.
Tied to a stove, Beth has become a full-fledged, bloodthirsty zombie, having eaten Maury and bitten off Geenie's hand.
Zach convinces Geenie to leave, then calms Beth by promising to hike with her like she always asked him to.
They run into Kyle, who has gone hunting zombies.
He reveals that their parents are still alive, having escaped to a safehouse.
Kyle gives Zach his handgun, reminding him that Beth is suffering.
On their hike, Zach and Beth stop by a cliff.
He tearfully apologizes to her for never doing the things she wanted when she was still alive.
They say "I love you" to each other, and Zach shoots her in the head.
Zach is reunited with his family at the safehouse, along with a traumatized Erica (Anna Kendrick), who was forced to kill her own grandmother.
The survivors make plans to leave town but, suddenly, the power returns and a TV news story shows things inexplicably going back to normal.
Zach visits the graves of Beth and Maury, leaving Beth's scarf on her tombstone, and a knight chess piece on Maury's.
Zach's mom picks him up in her car, with Erica in the backseat.
Zach invites Erica for dinner and she accepts, smiling as they drive off.
In 1928, a globally famous illusionist, Wei Ling Soo, performs in front of a crowd in Berlin with his world-class magic act.
As he walks off stage the film audience sees that he is actually a British man named Stanley (Colin Firth).
He berates his employees and is generally curmudgeonly towards his well-wishers.
In his dressing-room, he is greeted by old friend and fellow illusionist Howard Burkan (Simon McBurney).
Howard enlists Stanley to go with him to the Côte d'Azur where a rich American family, the Catledges, has apparently been taken in by a clairvoyant and mystic, Sophie (Emma Stone).
In fact, the son of the family, Brice (Hamish Linklater), is smitten with Sophie, and his sister Caroline (Erica Leerhsen) and brother-in-law George (Jeremy Shamos) are concerned Brice is considering proposing marriage.
Howard says that he has been unable to uncover the secrets behind her tricks and he admits that the more he watched her the more he believed she really has supernatural powers.
So he would like Stanley, who has debunked charlatan mystics in the past, to help him prove she is a fraud.
Howard and Stanley travel to the French Riviera, but Stanley is soon astonished by Sophie's ability to go into a fugue state and apparently pull out highly personal details about him and his family.
Stanley witnesses a seance in which Sophie communicates with the deceased patriarch of the American family.
A candle floats up from the table and Howard grabs it to try to discern what trickery is at play, but is astounded to find no apparent subterfuge.
Stanley begins spending time with Sophie.
He takes her to visit his aunt and they drive a convertible along the picturesque rocky corniches.
When Stanley and Sophie visit his aunt Vanessa (Eileen Atkins), Sophie is seemingly able, after holding aunt Vanessa's pearls, to somehow relate secret details of Vanessa's one great love affair.
This finally convinces Stanley of Sophie's authenticity and he has an emotional epiphany, feeling that his lifelong rationalism and cynicism have been misguided.
When caught in a rain storm, they end up at an observatory that Stanley had visited as a child.
After the rain subsides, they open the roof up and view the stars.
At a Gatsby-esque party, Stanley and Sophie dance.
As they walk together later that night, Sophie asks him if he has felt any feelings for her "as a woman".
Stanley, who has admired her talents as a mystic and is grateful to her for opening his eyes to a new worldview, is taken aback and admits that he has not thought of her that way.
She leaves upset.
The next day Stanley holds a press conference to tell the world that he, who spent his life debunking charlatan mystics, has finally come to find one who is the real deal.
The reporters drill him with questions, but the grilling is interrupted when he receives news his aunt Vanessa has been in a car accident.
Stanley rushes to the hospital, and in an emotional scene in a waiting room considers turning to prayer for solace.
That is, if he now has come to believe in divination and mysticism, perhaps he should believe in God and prayer.
He begins to pray for a miracle to save his aunt, but is unable to go through with it.
The rationality that has been his whole life comes back and he rejects prayer, the supernatural and by extension, Sophie and her powers.
He decides once more to prove she is a fraud.
Using a trick seen earlier in his stage act, Stanley appears to leave the room but stays to overhear Sophie and Howard discuss their collusion in what has been an elaborate ruse.
He discovers that Sophie was able to know so much about him and his aunt because she and Howard collaborated to fool Stanley.
Sophie was indeed a charlatan tricking the rich American family and was quickly discovered by Howard.
Rather than unmask her and stop the ruse, he enlisted Sophie to help him one-up his best friend and rival, Stanley.
Stanley is initially angry at Howard and Sophie but decides to forgive them.
In a conversation with his aunt Vanessa, who by then has recovered from her car accident, Stanley comes to the self-realization that he is in love with Sophie.
He finds her and asks her not to marry Brice, but marry him instead.
Sophie is taken aback and finds his haughty, awkward proposal unsuitable.
She tells him she still plans to marry the wealthy Brice.
Returning dejected to his aunt Vanessa's, Stanley is surprised when Sophie follows him there and he proposes.
They kiss as the film ends.
While busking in Grand Central Terminal, Nick Vaughan (Chris Evans) sees a woman running by to catch the 1:30&nbsp;am.
train to Boston dropping and breaking her phone.
She misses the train and is forced to return.
Nick returns the phone to the woman, Brooke (Alice Eve).
When he finds her standing outside the terminal she confesses that she has just been robbed and is trapped in the city.
He offers to pay for a cab to take her to Boston but his credit cards are declined.
When he tries to call a friend to come loan him the money he finds his phone has died.
Nick offers to try to pay for a room for Brooke to stay in overnight, but she insists that she needs to return home before the morning.
Nick decides to help Brooke find her missing purse.
The two are able to track it down at a sweatshop that deals in stolen purses but for his efforts to retrieve the purse Nick is punched in the face.
The two try and go to Nick's friend's wedding in order to find his friend to loan him money and instead end up at an event where they are mistaken for members of the band.
Nick and Brooke perform My Funny Valentine before being forced to flee when the real band shows up.
After their last ditch attempt to get a bus to Boston fails as they don't have enough money, Brooke borrows a man's phone and calls a friend whom she begs to go to her house and retrieve a letter she has left for her husband that she does not want him to read.
Elated that her problem is now solved Brooke offers to go to Nick's friend's wedding and pretend to be his girlfriend in front of his ex, Hannah.
At the reception Nick sees Hannah but after being introduced to her new boyfriend he leaves abruptly.
Outside Nick tells Brooke that he hadn't seen Hannah in six years since he went to propose to her and she broke up with him.
At Brooke's insistence, Nick goes back to speak to Hannah to see if he still has a shot with her.
Instead he discovers that she's pregnant and that he has no chance with her.
Wandering around the city the two find a psychic who is still open.
After he reads her future, he allows Brooke to use his phone and she learns her friend could not get into her home to retrieve the letter.
After they leave the psychic's place, Brooke reveals to Nick that she had discovered that her husband was cheating on her.
Though he ended the relationship she discovered that he was going to see his mistress again.
Devastated, she wrote him a letter ending the marriage and went to New York for work.
However, during her trip she received a phone call from her husband saying he was coming home early and realized that he had ended the relationship for good.
At a restaurant Nick tells Brooke that her husband will most likely understand that what he did was wrong and that if he doesn't, that's that.
They then go to Nick's friend's hotel that he's staying at.
Together they write on the back of paintings in the room (a reference to an earlier encounter with a painting with erotic writing on the back of it).
They then share a kiss and reflect on their night.
In the morning they return to the train station where they are about to part.
Suddenly, Nick picks up a phone from a phone booth and, like an earlier joke, uses it as a "time machine" and pretends to call himself saying that he will meet a woman that he should stay with for the night.
They share one last kiss and finally depart.
On her way home, Brooke finds a guest service paper that she and Nick filled out at the hotel.
On the bottom it says "turn over," and after doing so, she smiles at what she reads, though the message itself was left ambiguous at the end.
Quinn (Simon Helberg) and Devon (Melanie Lynskey) are a couple since highschool.
Quinn works in a flower shop with Kelsey (Maggie Grace) and Devon teaches in local university.
Kelsey tells Quinn she is in love with him and starts flirting with him.
Quinn tells Devon he wants to take a step back in the relationship, she understands it's about Kelsey, storms out and stays at her parents.
Quinn goes to Kelsey's, they kiss and she gives him a handjob which ends too soon and they go to sleep.
In the morning Quinn feels guilty and decides to visit Devon at her parents and propose to her.
He ends up confessing what happened with Kelsey and though it's over he still works with her.
Devon gets angry, says they need time separately to figure things out and maybe he should be with other girls, so it won't plague him that he only slept with her.
He finds on Facebook a single schoolmate, they have a date and sleep together.
He understands he wants to be with Devon and quits his job.
He goes to Devon's parents only to find out she left to Paris, where they have relatives.
He asks for her address to send her flowers, and shows up at her door.
She tells Quinn she started dating Guillaume (Ebon Moss-Bachrach), and she doesn't want to be back with him.
Quinn surprises her at her grandparents, but to his surprise Guillaume is also there.
After eating, both Guillaume and Quinn play short recitals.
As Quinn finishes, his left eye is very red due to a medical problem he has (Pingueculitis).
Ignoring the situation he takes out the ring and gets ready to propose.
Devon enters the room, but surprisingly she is accompanied by Kelsey, coming to win Quinn back.
This causes Quinn to accidentally step on Guillaume's heirloom violin and he crushes it, which causes a slap fight between the two.
Ashamed, Quinn leaves and returns to his home alone.
Devon surprises him at his new work and he proposes in his car.
Right after she says yes he tells her about the one-night stand he had.
After some tense talk, and groveling on Quinn's part, Devon takes off the ring and asks Quinn to propose again.
Edith Martin (Vera Farmiga) and her highly strung daughter Audrey (Taissa Farmiga), and George Hartman (Andy García) and his unmotivated son Conrad (Spencer Lofranco), arrive for a campus tour of the quaint Middleton College led by junior "dingleberry" Justin (Nicholas Braun).
When Edith and George wander off, the two bond as they try to reunite with the tour.
When they meet the group in the library, Edith and George embarrass their children.
Audrey accuses Edith of not supporting her decision to go to Middleton, and as revenge, Edith lies and says that she and George are taking an exclusive tour of the campus with the university's Dean.
Audrey and Conrad are then left alone with the rest of the "cookie cutter" tour, while Edith and George play hooky.
The two borrow some bikes to explore the campus.
They climb to the top of the belltower, and sneak into an acting class.
During an acting exercize, the two emotionally connect.
Meanwhile, Audrey tells Conrad that the reason she wants to attend Middleton is so she can be mentored by Middleton's acclaimed professor Roland Emerson (Tom Skerritt).
Conrad says he's keeping his options open.
At lunch, Audrey calls the Dean's assistant, and finds out that Edith was lying about the exclusive tour.
She then bumps into George and demands to know where her mother is.
He tells her that Edith went to the observatory, when she is really having lunch with George in the cafeteria.
Edith and George discuss their relationship, unsure of what it is since they are both married.
Audrey and Conrad go to the observatory, finding it locked.
In her anger, Audrey insults Conrad, saying he's peaked in life and it's all downhill for him; Conrad walks off.
George and Edith then meet film student Daphne (Daniella García), who offers George her computer so he can help out a heart patient.
Edith and George then get high with Daphne and her boyfriend Travis (Stephen Borrello), and discuss their relationships with their children.
Audrey and Conrad go to their respective meetings with professors.
Audrey has tea with Emerson, while Conrad meets Boneyard Sims (Peter Riegert), who runs the campus' radio station.
Audrey finds out that Emerson is going on a sabbatical, meaning he won't be able to be her advisor should she attend Middleton.
Audrey reacts angrily, and Emerson warns her that she might've crossed the line from ambition into obsession.
Conrad realizes his interest is in radio.
Edith and George go back to the belltower, where they spend an intimate moment.
Conrad apologizes to Audrey for her bad day, and informs her that he could see himself going to Middleton; Audrey tells him she no longer wants to go there.
As Edith and George head back to their cars, they emotionally part ways.
The two then embrace their children and drive off.
Edith tells Audrey that they're going to be okay, and George requests Conrad take the long way home.
A group of American coeds/flappers arrives at the Hotel Venitien on the French Riviera.
In the hotel lobby, Sally Baxter encounters Monsieur de Segurola, "the famous baritone", and asks him to write something in her autograph album.
However, when she reads what he has written, she tears it out.
Next, she spots handsome Andre Briault, "the famous tennis champion", and his girlfriend Simone.
After Andre drives away, Sally notices Simone and de Sugorola making eye contact.
(Albine, Andre's valet, does not approve of Simone either)   When Andre later telephones Simone, he hears someone singing; Simone claims it is only a phonograph record playing, but then de Sugorola coughs.
Andre heads over to the hotel to check up on her.
She tries to distract him, but Andre spots de Sugorola trying to sneak out of her suite, tosses him out into the hall and breaks up with Simone.
The last part is witnessed by Sally.
She chases after Andre to get his autograph, but her pen seems to be out of ink.
After he leaves, she finds that there is ink after all; unable to get a taxi, she steals a car and follows him to the Casino.
There, she inadvertently loses 50,000 francs playing baccarat against him, and is asked to pay.
She writes on a check that she has no money to speak of, and Andre good-naturedly tears it up.
Then Andre spots Simone.
He is still in love with her, so Sally suggests he pretend to be in love with someone else.
He thinks that is an excellent plan; he chooses Sally, telling her that this is how she can pay her gambling debt.
He instructs Sally to never let him be alone with Simone and to not let him weaken.
When Simone tries to win him back, he introduces her to his "fiancée", Sally.
However, he keeps falling for Simone's enticements.
Fortunately, Sally is extremely persistent, going to outlandish lengths to keep him out of her rival's clutches.
Finally, she socks him in the jaw to stop him from chasing after Simone.
He reacts by pushing her clear into the next room, knocking her unconscious.
This finally makes him realize whom he truly loves.
Jimmy provides best man services, through The Best Man Inc, for guys who don't have the friends necessary for a wedding.
Doug Harris, a successful tax attorney, and his fiancee Gretchen Palmer are planning for their wedding day.
Doug becomes frantic searching for a best man, and is referred to Jimmy's company by his party planner, Edmundo.
Doug asks Jimmy to pull off a "Golden Tux" (seven groomsmen) to match with Gretchen's bridesmaids, which has never been done before.
After hearing Doug's plea, Jimmy agrees to be his best man for a fee of $50,000 and all expenses paid.
When going over the formalities for the wedding, Doug tells Jimmy his name will be Bic Mitchum.
Jimmy recruits three of his friends as groomsmen.
Fitzgibbons, a criminal who escaped from a federal prison, agrees to be a groomsman because there will be seven bridesmaids to hit on.
Lurch agrees in order to get away from his nagging wife.
Reggie agrees because there will be good food.
Jimmy, his secretary Doris, Fitzgibbons, Lurch, and Reggie, interview people willing to fill the four remaining spots based on their "party trick distractions".
They choose Kip, a sexy man with a stutter, Endo, who has three testicles, Bronstein, who can dislocate and relocate his shoulder, and Otis, who can say every sentence backwards.
Doug tells Gretchen that "Bic" flew in from El Salvador for the wedding.
Gretchen insists that Bic comes to a family brunch.
Doug tells Jimmy that he must act as a military priest.
At the brunch, Doug becomes nervous and almost blows his own cover until Jimmy accidentally sets Grandma on fire.
They take her to the emergency room, and Jimmy makes up a lie to Ed, Gretchen's father, that Doug used to play football.
Ed challenges Jimmy and Doug to a football game with some of his old college teammates who will be at the wedding.
Doug meets his groomsmen, whom Doris has given fake identities based on the last names of famous Los Angeles sports figures&mdash;Plunkett, Rambis, Garvey, Alzado, Drysdale, Carew, and Dickerson.
Jimmy takes Doug and the groomsmen on fake photo shoots of skydiving, scuba-diving, running a marathon, and climbing mountains.
When Doug begins to have doubts, they visit Edmundo, who tells him that the only key is to please Gretchen and her mother Lois and nothing else matters.
To prove how good he is at being a best man, Jimmy takes Doug to a wedding where the best man makes a terrible speech.
After, they have drinks and show off their dance moves.
Jimmy reveals he once made an excellent best man speech for a minor friend which led to his career as a wedding ringer.
Doug reveals that his father was an international tax attorney and moved frequently, so Doug never got to make friends.
When his parents died, Doug took over the business, and work consumed him, leaving him without a best man.
Jimmy drives Doug home, and reiterates that they are in a business relationship, and Doug, although hurt, agrees.
Jimmy is reminded by Doris that he needs a real friend for himself, and he is motivated to succeed on completing Doug's wedding.
The groomsmen kidnap Doug to his outrageous bachelor party.
He is introduced to Nadia, who tries to seduce him, but Doug instead befriends her.
A prank involving peanut butter, a blindfolded Doug's genitals and a basset hound goes awry, requiring the groomsmen and Nadia to rush Doug to a hospital.
When Doug wakes up the next day, Nadia kisses him goodbye, and hints she would like to know him better.
Later, the groomsmen play football with Ed and his college football friends, including Joe Namath, John Riggins, and Ed "Too Tall" Jones.
A mud bowl ensues and Ed blows out his knee on the last play.
At the rehearsal dinner, Gretchen's bridesmaids sing a song, while Doug's groomsmen create a slideshow of the fake pictures they previously took, winning Gretchen over.
That night, Gretchen, speaking to Doug, notices Bic razors and Mitchum deodorant in their cabinets.
She recognizes the familiarity in the last names of the groomsmen and deduces the scheme.
She asks Doug about it but he brushes it off, saying Gretchen is paranoid, to which she reluctantly agrees.
On the day of the wedding, the family priest cancels.
Doug hatches an idea where Jimmy, already introduced as a military priest, officiates the nuptials.
At the wedding reception, Jimmy congratulates Gretchen, who exclaims that the wedding is a disaster because her grandmother has third degree burns, her dad's knee is blown out, the food is bad, and she isn't marrying the man she loves.
She confesses that she only married Doug because he is a nice man and can easily provide the lavish lifestyle she wants.
Doug overhears and tells Jimmy that he can't go through with the wedding, but Jimmy dismisses this.
As Jimmy gives his best man speech, Doug stops it and reveals he and Gretchen aren't married since "Bic" is not a licensed officiant.
He also tells everyone that his groomsmen are fake.
Doug pays Jimmy his $50,000 fee and they accept each other's friendship.
Gretchen is upset that her wedding is ruined.
Ed's college friends make peace with Doug and Jimmy and tell them they were good players.
Jimmy gets a date with Gretchen's sister Allison.
As they leave, Jimmy has an idea.
They cash in Doug's first class honeymoon tickets to Tahiti, going instead on a guy trip where the groomsmen, Edmundo, Doris, and Nadia, who begins her romance with Doug, party in the plane, while Lurch says that he "has a bad feeling about this flight" as a reference to his character in the TV series Lost.
A weepy feline Cinderella sits around in her murky house.
Cinderella, or Cindy which she is sometimes called, hardly does anything other than household work under the authority of her bossy old stepmother.
She also longs for a more pleasant livelihood.
While standing in the living room one day, a pixie appears and asks Cindy if she would like to go to the ball.
Cindy expresses interest but laments she has nothing to wear.
The pixie puts forth a wand and transforms her rag outfit into a fancy dress.
A luxury car with classy chauffeurs also appears, and the delighted young girl cat goes aboard.
The ball appears to be inside a castle.
Cindy's date turns out to the prince who is dressed like a 16th Century Spaniard.
They then walk to the main room where musicians and other dancing guests are in attendance.
After dancing, they head to a backyard which is like a forest.
When the prince kisses her twice, Cindy merrily starts distancing herself and goes to hide in the trees.
While the prince struggles to find her, Cindy heads to a nearby a clock, therefore finding out she has to leave immediately.
As she flees, one of her shoes slip off and is left behind.
The shoe is momentarily picked up by the prince who arrives at the scene.
Cindy leaves in her car, attempting to reach home.
But when midnight strikes, she is reverted to her old rag clothing, and her once luxurious vehicle is reduced to some 1890s Daimler model with her being the one driving it.
The car momentarily breaks down, prompting Cindy to run on foot.
While she goes on running, an anchor lowers and picks her up.
It appears the one who lifted her is the prince who is on a helicopter.
The prince then helds out the shoe he found, and places it on Cindy's foot.
As a miracle, Cindy is in her fancy dress again.
They then kiss each other and fly back to the castle.
A scientist (Brie Larson) creates genetically modified rice with her father (Scott Bakula), and their boss (Donald Sutherland) sends them to India to sell it to rural farmers.
As summarized in a film publication, Ardita Farnam (Dana), wealthy and beautiful, had a will of her own and a yacht.
When her uncle (Jobson) indicated that he wanted her to meet a certain man, she decided that she wanted to marry a foreigner, saying she wanted a man with a past rather than a future.
Alone on her yacht one evening Ardita heard some jazz melodies floating over the waves.
A good-looking man (Mulhall) along with six black musicians came aboard.
They tell Ardita that they have been giving a charity performance that afternoon and at the end had relieved the audience of their valuables, and now intended to use the yacht to escape.
They go out to sea.
Later the leader, who calls himself Curtis Caryle, is put off the yacht.
Ardita feels sorry for him and follows him.
Then her uncle arrives.
The man explains that he is Toby Moreland, the man her uncle wanted her to meet.
She says that she knew it all along and decides to marry him.
As described in a film magazine, Peggy O'Hara (Clark) who with her widowed mother mrs O'Hara (Leighton) is staying at the manor of Lord Anthony Crackenthorpe (Humphrey), a scientist engrossed in the study of spiders.
mrs O'Hara is assisting Lord Anthony.
The sister of the peer sends for her son Jimmy (Mulhall) because she thinks Peggy has designs on Lord Anthony.
Jimmy falls in love with Peggy, and in order to further her mother's love affair with Lord Anthony, Peggy announces her engagement with Jimmy.
She goes to London where her pocket is picked, and has to stay at Jimmy's bachelor quarters while he is away on business.
The sudden appearance of Jimmy, his mother and father, and a prying neighbor precipitates matters, with Peggy having spent the night there suggesting a scandal.
In the end it is straightened out and Peggy consents to marry Jimmy.
Jordan Abrams (Chernik), a conservative Jewish accountant, lives a stable but rather boring life with his girlfriend Rachel Stern (Manninen).
The night before they are supposed to leave for an extended vacation where Jordan had been planning to propose, Rachel says she cannot marry him due to his sexual ineptitude.
Rachel leaves him in order to explore her own sexuality.
Determined to change so that he can win Rachel back, Jordan first seeks advice from his lady-killer friend Dandak (Sahay), who advises him to try attending a strip club.
While there, he meets stripper Julia and buys her chips from the club vending machine when she has no money, for the sole reason of "good karma payback".
After Jordan drinks too much and is thrown out into the back trash pile, where he is then robbed of his pants and wallet.
Julia finds him and, out of a guilty conscience, brings him back to her place to sleep off the alcohol.
Next morning, Jordan wakes up in Julia's apartment and happens to see her financial papers showing a large amount of debt, as well as boxes of sex toys and a spotless kitchen.
Julia gives Jordan some cookies which are the best Jordan has ever tasted; it turns out Julia is a talented cook as well as a dancer.
Jordan recruits Julia to be his teacher to broaden his sexual horizons, in exchange for managing her finances.
Together, they explore strip clubs, sensual massage parlors, cross-dressing, oral sex techniques, and sadomasochism.
Meanwhile, Rachel tries to live a wild sex life of her own, dating several men, having group sex, and attending sexy costume parties, but is consistently left thoroughly unsatisfied by her experiences.
One night, in Julia's apartment and under her direction, Jordan handcuffs and gags Julia in order to practice a dominant posture, and Rachel chooses that moment to show up and beg Jordan to come back to her.
Rachel sees and hears him with the bound Julia and impulsively runs from the apartment.
Jordan runs after her.
While they try to reconcile on the stairs, repo men ascend past them to Julia's apartment, remove all her furniture and rob her of all the cash in her savings box, while she remains helplessly bound.
Jordan eventually decides not to get back together with Rachel after all, as he comes to realize he loves Julia.
But Julia's experience of watching all her stuff removed from her house while Jordan did nothing to help makes her not want to see him again.
After agonizing, Jordan returns to the strip club where he first met Julia to reconcile with her.
Eventually Julia accepts his apology, and Jordan surprises her by purchasing a nearby vacant building and remodeling it into the restaurant that Julia always desired to own.
Beverly Hills banker/workaholic Jennifer (Tatyana Ali) comes home to her small Northern California town just before Christmas when her dad, Ted (Bill Cobbs), takes a bad fall while putting up decorations.
While home, Jennifer begins getting romantic Christmas cards from an unknown admirer, who turns out to be her old neighbor and the unrealized true love of her life, Jack (Lamorne Morris), who died in a car accident three years ago.
Former teen salsa champion Bruce Garrett is now an engineer.
Bruce gave up dancing after he was brutally bullied by older boys.
When he finds out that his new boss, Julia, is passionate about salsa dancing, he decides that the only way he can win her over is by re-mastering the art of dance.
He seeks out his old teacher Ron, who forces him to confront the reasons he quit dancing in the first place.
He struggles with low self-esteem, as well as a bullying coworker and rival, Drew, who constantly dominates Julia's attention, a romantic interest for Bruce but sexually for Drew.
With the help of his salsa classmates, teacher, and his former dancing partner, his sister Sam, Bruce gets up the courage to relearn all his 'rusty' dance steps and to recapture his lost "corazón" (heart), not only for the dance but for his life.
When ready, his friends convince him to enter the local nightclub's salsa dance competition, with the idea that he'll invite Julia to be his dance partner.
But when he goes round to hers to ask her out to the dance, he is tricked into believing that he's interrupting an intimate evening she's spending with Drew, so leaves before asking, disillusioned.
Julia, meanwhile, discovers what Drew is up to and outright rejects his advances, then kicks him out whilst threatening his position at work.
Julia follows Bruce to the nightclub, where he's been doing quite well with Sam and an old routine, and is about to enter the final heat/round of the competition.
When he notices Julia had followed him to the club, he's elated and finally plucks up the courage to ask her to dance.
They dance the last round of the competition, where Bruce goes on to lose the competition, but regains his true self and finally wins Julia's heart.
Raj (Sachin Bhatt) is an Indian-American choreographer trying to make it in the bustling city of Los Angeles.
After being dumped by his girlfriend, bombing another dance audition, and nearly getting kicked out of his parent's home, Raj's luck changes when he meets Jyoti, (Lilette Dubey), a sexy Indian woman, who suggests for him to teach her and a group of Indian women dance.
While unsuccessful at the start, Raj's class grows with Vincent, (Mehul Shah), a gay teen who wants to dance regardless of what his father thinks, Laxmi, (Pooja Kumar), a South Indian woman new to this country and friendless, Puja, (Mansi Patel) an unethusiastic high school student, who is being dragged by her grandmother, Vina (Sarita Joshi).
Through it all, the group manages to find family, love, and acceptance where they least expected to.
The film opens with an unnamed dancer (Charles “Lil Buck” Riley) dancing in various locations around Brooklyn during the credit sequence.
From there, the plot follows dr Hess Green (Stephen Tyrone Williams), a wealthy African-American anthropologist and art collector who acquires a dagger originating in the ancient Ashanti Empire, a highly advanced civilization that, Green claims, became addicted to blood transfusions.
That night, Lafayette Hightower (Elvis Nolasco) --an emotionally unstable colleague from the museum which acquired the dagger--, pays a visit to Green's impressive, African-art covered Martha's Vineyard mansion.
The two cordially discuss history and philosophy, but once Green has retired for the evening, Hightower becomes drunk and climbs a tree with a noose, claiming he wants to commit suicide.
Green successfully talks him down, but later that night Hightower attacks and stabs Green with the Ashanti ceremonial dagger, killing him.
An undetermined amount of time later, Green is shocked to awaken--unscathed.
He hears a gunshot and, upon discovering that Hightower has killed himself, he instinctively drinks Hightower's blood.
He discovers that he is invulnerable to physical harm, can no longer tolerate normal food and drink, and has an insatiable need for more blood.
Though he steals several bags of blood from a doctor's office, he quickly finds that he needs fresh victims.
The first is a prostitute (Felicia Pearson) who, shockingly, reawakens--only after he has discovered that her blood is HIV-positive.
After a period of tension, it is determined that he has not contracted the virus.
Soon, Hightower's estranged ex-wife, Ganja (Zaraah Abrahams), arrives at Green's house searching for her ex-husband, who owes her money.
Green and Ganja quickly become lovers, and she moves into Green's expansive mansion.
When she unwittingly discovers her ex-husband's corpse --frozen in Green's wine cellar-- she is initially angry, but after Green explains what happened and tells her that he loves her, she agrees to marry him.
On the honeymoon night, he stabs her with the Ashanti dagger so that she will share immortality with him.
Ganja is initially horrified by her new existence, but Green teaches her how to survive.
After he departs and kills a young woman with a baby (Jeni Perillo) whom he meets in a public park in Brooklyn, he brings home an old female acquaintance (Naté Bova), for Ganja's first kill.
Ganja seduces and then strangles the woman.
Ganja and Hess dispose of the body, even though, like the prostitute from before, the "corpse" reawakens.
Eventually, Green becomes disillusioned with this life and makes a visit to a Red Hook church where he is moved by an energetic musical performance and approaches the altar to have the pastor lay hands on him.
Meanwhile, back at home, Ganja murders Green's loyal domestic servant (Rami Malek).
When she searches for Green to confess, she finds him in the shadow of a cross, dying.
Green dies in her arms, glad to be at peace.
Ganja, though saddened by his death, lives on, presumably continuing her vampire-esque lifestyle.
At the movie's closing, we see her walk out to the beach.
The woman she had previously killed appears, naked, and joins her to watch the sunset.
Shirin is an absent-minded, yet sophisticated, young Iranian-American woman who lives in "Tehrangeles", the large Iranian community of Los Angeles.
While Shirin has been engaged for years to a successful Iranian plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills, she lives with her overbearing mother and empathetic father.
When she falls in love with a mysterious young man who lives in a lighthouse in Northern California, a secret unravels and cultures clash, challenging all the tradition Shirin grew up with - and she re-discovers herself in the process.
In Wilmington, Delaware, Anna Thompson sells beauty products to doctors but her company lets her go when her performance is not up to par.
She is a chain smoker and bulimic and feels the need to run away from her life.
When she narrowly misses being the victim of an armed robbery in a store, she gets on a bus and travels to where her family used to have a vacation cottage in Massachusetts.
Along the way she meets Travis (who calls himself Danny), who is also running away from his problems.
Willy Signori is a journalist in Milan, bored by his work.
One day he is involved in an accident, and the next day he learns that the driver of the car with which he collided died.
Girlfriend of the died: Lucia, gets angry with Willy, accusing him of being a murderess.
Willy is the calm, and intends to live with her, so that she recovers from shock.
Slowly between the two comes a love affair, but is consumed immediately.
After a quarrel, Willy leaves for Africa with the handicapped brother for holiday, and there, blatantly, Willy meets Lucia.
So love is reborn.
Bernardo is dumped by his girlfriend and begins a period of meetings with his psychologist.
Although his career as a rock music critic begins to decline, and especially Bernardo, with his problems, does not know how to publish a book on the secrets of the singer Jimi Hendrix.
In the meantime he knows the problematic and shy Camilla, who disrupts his life.
After some bickering, the two travel to London to meet almost unknown people who believe knowing how to really the singer Hendrix died when he was found lifeless in his hotel.
For Bernardo is a great opportunity because this interview will allow him to rebuild his career; but the interview that he does to an important customer, poorly fitted by his friend Camilla, is tragically recorded without audio.
The shy and awkward Rolando, a school janitor even though he has a degree in teaching, one day manages to have significant windfall.
He pretends to be an important Italian teacher priest, who was instructed by the parents of a famous American model (Natasha Hovey) to provide Italian lessons to settle in Rome.
In fact the girl must stay in Italy for a few months, just long enough to create a new magazine fashion photographs before going back to work in America.
However she discovers the true identity of Rolando, and yet she doesn't denounce him, because falls in love with him.
Jenny will get married to Kitty , but her family does not know her sexuality.
Her parents, Eddie and Rose, have always dreamed of the day their middle daughter get married and are overjoyed when they find out that she is engaged, but not to whom they expected as she plans to wed a woman.
Jenny has the support of her older brother, Michael, but has to deal with the prejudice of parents and the conflicts with her younger sister, Anne, who always felt rejected and less loved by the family.
Wealthy Alice Bond (Rosemary Lane), dissatisfied with her dishwater-dull fiance Marshall Winkler (John Eldredge), throws him over in favor of Michael Stevens (George Reeves).
To make certain that her new beau will be acceptable to her parents, Alice contrives to have Michael enter a mayoral campaign.
As election day draws close, criminals complicate matters.
When Carvel teenager and new tow truck-owner Andy Hardy is stopped by a policeman for driving without a license plate, a radio report implicates him in stealing the car he is towing.
At home, Andy finds it hard to be cheerful, even though his mother Emily, his father, Judge James Hardy, and his aunt Milly are celebrating his sister Marian's return from New York.
Marian thinks that Carvel is too unsophisticated for her and is annoyed by her family's worries that she is dating Jeff Willis, a local young man who is considered a "wolf".
As the judge sits in his study, Andy comes in and tells him about the misunderstanding that led to the auto theft problem.
The judge promises to sort things out if Andy will help him by befriending Melodie Nesbit, a teenager at the center of a custody battle between her mother Olivia and her father Roderick.
Although Melodie is not as pretty or outgoing as Andy's other girl friends, he agrees to help by asking her to a dance.
Jeff arrives, announcing his presence on a loudspeaker set up in his car, and broadcasts his invitation to Marian to come with him to the Red Door Inn on the 19th.
Andy tells her about the notorious inn and warns her not to get involved in a scandal.
On the night of the dance, Melodie is happy to be there, even though she knows that Andy has only asked her out because of his father.
Andy has to bribe his friends to dance with her, but one boy, Harry Land, refuses the money because he has a secret crush on Melodie.
After the dance, Melodie, who has a crush on Andy, asks his advice on how to appeal to boys.
The same night, Emily secretly orders a forty dollar cut-away coat for her husband out of her household account.
A few days later, Andy's friend Susie comes to distribute posters for a "spinster skip" dance, to which the girls are to invite the boys.
Andy offers to drive Susie around town and is seen by Melodie, who immediately goes to the judge and asks him to say that he accepted her invitation for Andy to come to the dance.
At the same time, the postman arrives with Emily's COD coat and informs her that the amount due is $6140.
Emily is upset because the ad said nothing about extra charges and refuses to accept the package.
On the night of Marian's date with Jeff, she becomes annoyed when her family makes fun of her choice of a dress, which is really a fancy nightgown, and promises that she "will show them".
That night, a man from a collection agency comes to the house and demands that Emily pay the full amount of the coat or be taken to court and have her husband's salary attached.
Later, at the dance, Melodie impresses everyone with her new clothes and hairstyle, and now the boys are willing to pay Andy.
Despite Melodie's charm, Andy later admits to her that he does not return her affection.
When she quietly goes into her house, she overhears her parents having a vicious argument.
Back at home, Andy feels terrible that he made Melodie cry, but is happy to hear that Polly Benedict, his old girlfriend, is coming home.
Melodie then comes to the judge and says that she never wants to see either of her parents again and the judge lets her spend the night with his family.
Some time later, Andy, who volunteered to search for the long-overdue Marian, brings her home, towing Jeff's car, in which a drunken Jeff had a minor crash.
After they bring the passed-out Jeff into the house, the judge explains to Andy how low man falls when he allows himself to reach this state.
The next day, a sober Jeff comes to the door to apologize and say that he did hear the judge's words the previous night and has learned his lesson.
That afternoon, the judge meets with Melodie's parents, and after lecturing them about their behavior, asks Melodie in and convinces Olivia and Roderick to retract the horrible things they have said about each other and try to get along.
After the family leaves, a tearful Emily comes to her husband, remorseful over what has happened about the cut-away coat.
The judge alleviates her fears by letting her know that he inadvertently found out about the agency and discovered that the entire mail-order business was run by confidence men who tricked unsuspecting customers into paying more than the advertised price for the suit.
That afternoon, Andy takes Harry to see Melodie, who has gotten over her crush on Andy and is more than willing to date the smitten Harry.
She also convinces Andy to ask Polly to the football dance.
As Andy leaves Melodie's house, Polly drives by with her cousin, who coincidentally is the man who mistakenly thought that Andy stole his car.
With everything now fine, Andy drives home and tells his father, "women are habit forming".
Jeff (Tom Drake) arrives home to New York City after being away in the Navy for several years.
Unaware that his fiancée, Jean (Donna Reed), is now dating a man (Warner Anderson) at the department store where she works, Jeff assumes she is still intends to marry him.
In order to save Jeff from heartache, several employees at Jean's store set up a ruse to keep Jeff unaware of Jean's new man until he is deployed again.
Jean cooperates with the ruse, but it isn't long before secrets get revealed.
After years of struggling, inventor Tom Wakefield sells his hair-removal invention for a quarter of a million dollars.
He immediately goes on a spending spree, doing good deeds for friends and strangers alike, worrying June Baylin, his fiancee.
Kitty Brent helps him with some steamship tickets, so Tom wants to do something nice in return.
Kitty says her marriage to fiance Kenneth is on hold until he can sell an insurance policy to a milkman named Baglipp.
An overly optimistic Tom assures her she'll be married by the next morning.
His schemes to make Baglipp take the policy ends up getting Tom and Kitty into all kinds of trouble, including involvement with a robbery.
By morning, both their sweethearts are exasperated.
June breaks off her engagement with Tom, who realizes that overnight he's fallen for Kitty.
As soon as she begins feeling the same way, Tom assures her that she might end up married this very day.
During World War II, a sailor in New York City who is about to be shipped out to Europe marries a woman he has just met.
Then he unexpectedly receives a medical discharge.
Judge Hardy (Lewis Stone) has been appointed chairman of a special committee in Washington, DC.
The Judge's daughter Marian (Cecilia Parker) is intoxicated by Washington's social life, while son Andy (Mickey Rooney) falls for a pretty daughter of a French diplomat.
Thus, the judge is obliged to juggle his committee duties with his efforts to keep his children from making fools of themselves.
Judge Hardy is told he has inherited $2 million.
He and his family move to Detroit.
Judge Hardy (Lewis Stone) has two problems.
He must rescue an elderly couple from eviction, and he must cope with his wife's (Fay Holden) life-threatening illness.
It is about a small town girl on her rise to stardom.
But is having problems with love.
Tommy falls in love with Winnie, but he feels she is in love with her manager Lucky.
Lucky claims he does not want to get married, but is in fact in love with the rich socialite Iris.
While Iris's brother loses money with his gambling problem.
After performing a set at her regular comedy club, Donna Stern (Jenny Slate) is dumped in the bathroom by her boyfriend, Ryan (Paul Briganti), who confesses he is leaving her for one of her friends.
Donna tailspins into a wave of depression and later drunkenly delivers a terrible set in which she insults her ex-boyfriend.
Later that night, at the bar, she meets Max (Jake Lacy), who is there with clients but who missed her set.
Donna and Max have an instant connection and they end up having sex.
In the morning Donna leaves Max's apartment without saying goodbye.
Several weeks after their one-night stand, Donna discovers that she is pregnant.
Donna visits a Planned Parenthood clinic to schedule an abortion and discovers the only dates available are her mother's birthday and Valentine's Day; she picks Valentine's Day.
Max tracks Donna down at the bookstore where she works and they have the first of several awkward conversations.
Donna then runs into Max when he stops by her mother's apartment to return a book to her mother, Nancy (Polly Draper), who is a former professor of his.
They have lunch together where Donna is prepared to tell Max about her pregnancy and impending abortion until he makes a comment about how he wants to be a grandfather someday.
He comes to Donna's comedy show, but she leaves with another man, Sam (David Cross).
She has an awkward evening with Sam and quickly leaves.
After her terrible night, Donna visits her mother to talk about her upcoming abortion.
Her mother comforts her by telling her that she too had an abortion before Donna was conceived.
After pushing Max away, Donna finally invites him to the club to see her perform.
When he arrives she performs a set, speaking about how she is pregnant and planning to have an abortion.
Max leaves, but on the day of Donna's abortion, he arrives at her home with flowers and asks if he can accompany her to her procedure.
While at the clinic he tells her he supports her, and that when he said that he wanted to be a grandfather, he meant sometime far in the future.
The two agree that this is one of the nicest Valentine's Days they have ever had.
After the abortion, Max takes Donna to his home where he makes her tea, and then they watch Gone with the Wind together.
Angela Gardner (Virginia Mayo) is an exotic dancer who decides to improve her mind; she enrolls in a college where Professor John Palmer (Ronald Reagan) teaches English.
There is an old rivalry between the bookish Palmer and onetime college football jock Shep Slade (Don DeFore).
When the college trustees oppose Angela's presence on campus, Palmer staunchly defends her right to an education.
In 1976 San Francisco, 15-year-old aspiring cartoonist Minnie begins keeping an audio diary.
She is stirred by her awakening sexuality and wants to lose her virginity.
She fears she may be unattractive, but receives attention from boys at school.
When Minnie's bohemian mother Charlotte is too busy to go out with her boyfriend Monroe, she suggests he take Minnie out instead.
At a bar, Minnie and Monroe flirt and she tells him she wants to sleep with him.
They begin meeting at his apartment and having sex.
She shares the details of her sexual experiences with her friend Kimmie, as well as recording them on her tape recorder.
At a comic book store, Minnie sees cartoonist Aline Kominsky signing books.
She mails Aline her first comic, about a woman walking through town.
Minnie sleeps twice with her schoolmate Ricky, but he finds her sexual enthusiasm intimidating.
At a bar, Minnie and Kimmie decide to pose as prostitutes.
They fellate two boys in the bathroom, but the next day they agree it was a bad choice.
Minnie's stepfather, Pascal, calls from New York City and invites Minnie to live with him, but she declines.
Charlotte loses her job as a librarian.
Minnie and her younger sister Gretel ask Pascal for money, and though he is irritated, he sends the family a check.
Minnie, Kimmie, and Monroe have a threesome.
Minnie and Monroe take acid together and Monroe has a bad trip, convinced they are being watched.
During the trip he tells Minnie he loves her and she realizes that she no longer cares for him.
Monroe begins making plans for them to be together when she is 18 and Minnie leaves him.
Charlotte grows suspicious of the relationship between Minnie and Monroe, but he persuades her she is imagining things.
Charlotte discovers Minnie's audio diary, and confronts Minnie and Monroe.
She decides that Minnie and Monroe must now marry, which Monroe agrees to.
Minnie runs away from home in disgust and begins seeing a risk-taking lesbian, Tabatha.
When Tabatha brings her to a drug dealer, having told him that Minnie will have sex with him for the drugs, Minnie returns to her family.
Minnie finds a letter from Aline encouraging her to draw more comics.
Selling her comics and zines on the beach, Minnie runs into Monroe.
She is cold towards him, and they go their separate ways.
Minnie reflects on her emotional growth and realizes that the only way to find happiness is by loving herself, not by depending on another person's affection.
As described in a film magazine, Sylvia Weston (Clark) is a capricious young woman who says "I do NOT" when she leaves a rich groom at the altar.
She runs away in her bridal gown to a bungalow she owns at Loon Lake, only to find it occupied by three men with grudges against women.
They expel her and her old nurse to a nearby cabin and stake out a line over which the women are not to cross.
One by one the three men come to love Sylvia.
The two older men, thinking that she is unhappily married, propose to adopt her and provide her with some clothes other than her bridal gown and swimming suit, which is all she has at the cabin.
The younger one, however, is wiser and wins her in the end.
David discovers that his wife has left him for another man, and is escorted to a hotel.
The hotel manager reveals that single people have 45 days to find a partner, or they will be transformed into an animal; the dog accompanying him is his brother.
David chooses to become a lobster, due to their life cycle and his love of the sea.
David makes acquaintances with Robert, a man with a lisp, and John, a man with a limp, who become his quasi-friends.
John explains that he was injured in an attempt to reconnect with his mother, who had been transformed into a wolf.
The hotel has many rules and rituals: masturbation is banned, but sexual stimulation by the hotel maid is mandatory, and guests attend dances and watch propaganda extolling advantages of partnership.
Robert is caught masturbating, and the hotel manager burns his fingers in a toaster.
Relationships require partners to have a distinguishing trait in common.
John is told a woman has arrived with a limp, but he says she limps from an injury that will heal and is not a suitable match.
Residents can extend their deadline by hunting and tranquilizing single people in the forest; each captured "loner" earns them a day.
On one such hunt, a woman with a fondness for biscuits offers David sexual favors, which he declines.
She tells him that if she fails to find a mate, she will kill herself by jumping from a hotel window.
John then wins the affections of a woman with constant nosebleeds by purposely smashing his nose in secret.
They move to the couples section to begin a month-long trial partnership.
David later decides to court a notoriously cruel woman who has tranquilized more loners than anyone else.
Their initial conversation is interrupted by the screams of the biscuit-loving woman, who has severely injured herself jumping from a window.
Although troubled by the incident, David pretends to enjoy the woman's suffering to gain the heartless woman's interest.
He later joins her in a jacuzzi, and she feigns choking; when he does not attempt help, she decides they are a match.
The two are shifted to the couples' suite.
When David wakes up one morning, he finds she has kicked David's brother (in dog form) to death.
When David cries in response, she concludes their relationship is a lie and drags him to the hotel manager to have him punished by turning him into an animal that no one likes.
However, he escapes and, with the help of a sympathetic maid, tranquilizes and transforms his partner into an unspecified animal.
Escaping the hotel, David joins the loners in the woods.
In contrast to the hotel's rules, they forbid any romance, with mouth mutilation as punishment.
The hotel maid is found to be a mole for the loners, planted in the hotel to sabotage it.
Soon after her encounter with the leader of the loners, the loners visit the city to get some supplies, where David has a close encounter with a police officer.
Meanwhile, the loners launch a mini-raid to sabotage the hotel's work.
David reveals to the nosebleed woman that John has been faking, and he forces David to leave.
Other loners hold the hotel manager and her husband at gunpoint, tricking him into shooting his wife to save himself, but the gun is not loaded, leaving the couple to face each other.
Soon David, who is shortsighted, begins a secret relationship with a shortsighted woman.
They develop a gestural code for communication.
They are taken on another mission to the city, where their affections betray them to their leader.
They plan to escape together, but the leader finds the shortsighted woman's journal and discovers her plan to escape with David.
She takes the woman to the city, ostensibly to have an operation to cure her shortsightedness, but blinds her instead.
In anger, the woman kills the hotel maid, thinking she is killing the leader.
She tells David about her blindness.
He tries to find something else they have in common, but to no avail.
He says they'll figure it out, and tells her to continue with their plan.
Early the next morning, David overpowers and ties up the leader, leaving her to be eaten by dogs.
He and the blind woman escape to the city, stopping at a restaurant.
Seeking to reestablish commonality, David goes to the restroom and prepares to blind himself with a steak knife.
The blind woman waits at the table for him to return.
Alan Poza (OC Ukeje) is a rich, young music label executive who is extremely narcissistic and boasts that he can get any lady he wants eating out of his hands in approximately "3 seconds".
He refers to himself as a 'sharp-shooter' and the 'rave' amongst ladies.
Alan has a snazzy job in Scorpio Media, a top media company; and is convinced that he will be promoted to 'Vice-President'.
His friend and partner-in-crime; 'Kokori Oshare' (Okey Uzoeshi) works in the same media house and is equally as 'notorious' as Alan.
They share tales of their 'playboy' escapades and tend to 'help' each other out with conquering their 'victims'; women who are unaware of their riotous acts.
Alan and Kokori inadvertently leave behind a trail of 'angry' women who want to see them punished for their sins.
In its bid to further penetrate the entertainment industry, Scorpio Media is split into 'Scorpio Movies' and 'Scorpio `Records', Kokori is made Vice-President of Scorpio Movies while new joiner; Pride (Beverley Naya) is appointed as the Vice-President of Scorpio Records.
Alan is advised that her appointment is due to a wealth of experience within the industry and is made Pride's deputy.
He is extremely embarrassed by this unexpected turn of events and vows to lure Pride into his bed and break her heart, so that he can become her boss technically and emotionally.
He is particularly angry that the Managing Director of the firm has strung him on for weeks.
Kokori tells Alan that the reason he was sidetracked was because he had slept with Bunmi (Belinda Effah), who was also the Managing Directors' (Norbert Young) girlfriend.
Alan proceeds to charm Pride but she constantly refutes his efforts having heard that his nickname is 'Corporate Casanova' as well as of his 'vile' reputation with women, but Alan remains persistent.
Pride eventually agrees to go on a date with Alan after he signs a 'known' artist and ends up sleeping with him after 'one too many' drinks.
She claims that their relationship is 'strictly business' and leaves the next morning without saying a word.
Alan continues to remain persistent in his pursuit and Pride finally gives in after making Alan sit through a 'torturous' evening 'daddy-sitting' her senile father and an extremely embarrassing counselling forum for sex addiction.
At the counselling session Alan admits to being cheated on by his first love, blaming his current attitude to women on that experience.
Pride tells him explicitly that she is a 'dangerous woman when in love' pleading with him not to hurt her.
Totally unplanned, Alan notices his secretary; Ina (Kemi Lala Akindoju); and falls in love with her.
Ina is your typical 'good girl', extremely simple and caring.
Pride finds out Alan is cheating on her when she walks into his office and sees him kissing Ina.
She is hurt and enraged.
Alan starts to receive threatening messages and Pride remains extremely upset with him.
One evening after work Alan, Kokori and Ina have plans to go out.
Ina goes into the ladies toilet and does not come out, she has been kidnapped.
Stood outside the ladies' toilet waiting for her, Alan receives a message from Pride telling him where Ina is being held.
On getting there he finds Bunmi, threatening to kill Ina, knife in hand, she wants to see Alan hurt and decides the best way to achieve this is to kill Ina, the love of his life.
It turns out that Bunmi was the one sending Alan threatening messages all along.
She was one of his 'victims' and the relationship had ended badly.
The police, led by Pride, rescue Alan and Ina and arrest Bunmi.
Bunmi had stolen Pride's phone and sent Alan the message luring him to where Ina was being held.
Alan promises to change his attitude to women completely after this ordeal.
Six months later; the movie ends with Kokori marrying singer, Kiki, who Alan and Pride 'discovered' on their first date and signed up to Scorpio Records.
Alan becomes a 'reformed casanova', him and Ina are still together and are looking forward to a fantastic future.
He may get married some day.
Qualifying to play in the illustrious Rose Bowl football game on New Year's Day, a Midwestern college's quarterback, Steve Davis, isn't as happy as he should be because playing football doesn't excite him, but his teammate Bronc Buttram is thrilled.
Their coach, Jim Hadley, is equally pleased because his ill wife has gone to warmer Glendale, California for her health, so he will now be able to spend more time with her.
Steve perks up in Pasadena while meeting the Rose Bowl's committee and particularly the tournament's queen, Denny Burke, a beauty in a fur coat.
Steve believes she's wealthy as well as beautiful and manages to get her telephone number.
He can't get through, however, because Denny's younger sister Sally is always tying up the phone.
Finding her house, Steve learns she's a middle-class girl whose dad, "Iron Mike" Burke, once played in a Rose Bowl game himself.
Denny takes exception to Steve's disappointment that she's not rich and to his blasé attitude toward the Rose Bowl, a tradition her family loves.
The self-involved Steve develops a guilty conscience.
Agreeing to spend New Year's Eve with her family, Steve stands up Denny because he's at the hospital, where Coach Hadley's wife has taken a turn for the worse.
He gets busy signals phoning because Sally's hogging it again.
Next morning, Bronc explains to Denny and she is relieved.
At the game, the coach announces his wife's going to be all right.
Steve leads the team to victory, unselfishly letting Bronc score the winning touchdown.
He and Denny are in love and plan to marry.
Deepak Veer Chopra, an Indian doctor emigrates to Canada in the hope of starting a new life, but bureaucracy confines him to life as a taxi driver.
After delivering a baby in his cab, he starts treating other passengers and practicing medicine illegally.
He also falls in love with Natalie Wilman, the mother whose baby he delivered and she uses her training as a (non-practicing) lawyer to help him achieve his dreams.
Jemima (Genevieve Nnaji) isn't having the best of times.
Her boyfriend, Frederick (Fred Amata), is too busy with other parts of his life to give her the attention and affection she needs, and she is distracted at work.
A writer, she records her feelings in a series of "letters to a stranger" on her computer.
While she is on a months' leave of absence, a chance misdial of the telephone introduces her to Sadig (Yemi Blaq).
Sadiq, too, is a writer, and he seems far more affectionate towards Jemima than Frederick.
Torn by her feelings for the men, Jemima plans to return Frederick's engagement ring to him, but Frederick discovers her "letters to a stranger" and learns how unhappy Jemima has been.
They talk, but she cannot answer the question he asks as to why she had not left him for his neglect.
Eventually, Jemima must make a choice and tells her two suitors that she will deliver the news by telephone.
On Monday morning, she will call the man she has chosen first.
But when the time comes, she decides instead to begin by calling the other, to apologize and explain.
When she dials Sadiq to tell him that she has decided to marry Frederick, she finds he has turned off his phone.
She assumes he has given her up easily and only months later learns that this is not true.
Sadiq reveals to her that he had turned off the phone because he knew what her choice would be; a gift she had given him had been addressed to Frederick.
A poor songwriter from the south, Barry Holmes, travels to New York City to be a success, bringing with him his prize possession: his piano.
While he is trying to break into Tin Pan Alley, he stays at a boardinghouse run by mrs Langley, who insists that her house always be run with the highest propriety.
A young woman, Ruth Morgan, lives in the room next to Holmes.
One night, he annoys the entire boarding house as he is trying to complete a song he has been working on, “Someone”.
He is stuck on the ending, until he hears Ruth humming how she thinks it should go.
Stunned, he goes to her room, and invites her back to his to finish the song.
Unfortunately, mrs Langley discovers the two unmarried people in his room, and summarily kicks him out, intending to keep his piano as payment for back rent.
Ruth works for a music publisher, Kemple and Klucke, and plots to get them to publish Holmes song.
Both of her bosses are interested in Ruth, although Kemple is quite a bit older than her.
The two partners make a bet that the younger Klucke cannot take Ruth out to dinner.
Ruth makes a deal with Kemple not to agree to the dinner, but changes her mind when Klucke agrees to listen to Holmes’ song if she accompanies him.
mrs Langley’s husband, Max, has a soft spot for the young couple, and attempts to sneak Holmes’ piano out of the rooming house.
Unfortunately, in the attempt, the piano is dropped down a flight of stairs, and broken into pieces.
Distraught, Ruth and Barry, don’t know how they are going to finish the song in order to pitch it to Kemple and Klucke.
To make up for the loss of the piano, Max sneaks them into a piano factory during the night, where they finalize the song.
Unknown to them, the factory also has an open microphone to a radio station, and the song is actually broadcast over the air.
The song is an instant hit, and a bidding war starts between Kemple and Klucke and Parker Pianos for the rights to the song.
Holmes is a success, and, of course, ends up getting the girl.
Joan Bradford is a society heiress who rebels against her mother's choice of a future husband by masquerading as a working class girl and dating a window washer.
As described in a film magazine, Mary Barber (Daniels) returns to her birthplace as Rita Rooke, an actress, and finds her former sweetheart Willoughby Finch engaged and about to be married to a Miss Farringdon (Woods).
She telephones Finch that she is in town and will call on him at 4m.
A rehearsal of the wedding ceremony is scheduled for 5 o'clock.
A reporter is called in to assist Finch out of his dilemma.
He suggests getting someone to pose as Finch's sweetheart to get him out of difficulty.
The reporter gets the actress to dress as a vamp and appear on the scene.
Complications follow when Mary mistakes the rehearsal for the wedding ceremony.
The engagement between Molly Farringdon and Finch is broken.
Then when she attempts to straighten things out, Mary is found at Finch's studio by Molly.
Eventually explanations are made to clear things up.
After they are separated shortly after their marriage, Annabelle doesn't really know what her husband looks like.
When they meet later she finds herself falling in love with him, without realizing that they are already married.
Family friends Josh Shiffman and Molly Mahoney play fiancée, but as they plan their phony wedding, the two of them start to fall in love for real.
Molly Mahoney is going home for her mother's wedding, and is bringing her boyfriend to meet her family.
Knowing they will be skeptical of him if she tells them he's in a band, she doesn't tell them anything about him, including his name.
En route to the airport she discovers he's married and breaks up with him.
At the airport, Molly meets up with Josh Shiffman, her brother's playboy best friend from childhood, as he is also flying from LA to Chicago for the wedding.
While waiting at the airport with Molly, Josh receives a call from his parents and learns that his dad, Max, is expected to die of cancer in the next 6 months.
His father says that his only regret is not seeing the woman his son would marry.
Josh, in a moment of panic, says that it is Molly.
She agrees to play along for the weekend.
At Molly's mother's wedding, Josh gives Molly his grandmother's ring.
Also at the wedding, Josh reconnects with a former flame, Giselle Brousard.
After telling her the truth about the fake engagement, they begin a friends with benefits relationship.
While Molly says the relationship isn't a problem, she eventually begins to feel jealous of Giselle.
Josh's parents ask Josh and Molly to stay longer to help with Josh's family's framing shop, as Max's health is failing.
They agree, and the family starts to plan the wedding.
Josh continues to see Giselle, and Molly dates other men.
One night, Josh is with his dad who asks him if he's happy with Molly, stating that being truly in love means you can be yourself with the other person.
Josh replies that he is more comfortable with Molly than anyone else he knows.
The same night, Molly attends her surprise bachelorette party and is asked questions about how she and Josh got together.
Molly responds by describing him as one she could spend the rest of her life with.
Josh overhears this and walks away in confusion before he is discovered.
That night, they have sex.
The next day, as they jokingly register for their wedding, Josh and Molly run into Gisele.
Josh and Gisele flirt and Molly is upset.
Later, in front of their parents, Molly ends the engagement, saying she can't do this anymore.
Josh chases after her and she admits that she loves him, returns his grandmothers ring and leaves.
Josh ends the "benefits" part of his relationship with Gisele and confesses he may love Molly.
Giselle advises him to follow his heart.
Meanwhile, Josh's father has what the family thinks is a heart attack.
Josh and Giselle rush to the hospital where Molly and the family are waiting.
Josh's mother angrily reveals she knew he was having an affair and is horrified that he would bring Giselle to the hospital.
Josh finally admits the truth; that he and Molly are not engaged.
After much yelling, Josh admits that he loves Molly.
Molly, surprised, punches him.
When Josh regains consciousness, he proposes to Molly.
She accepts and they kiss.
After a fade to black, we see Josh and Molly in the delivery room as they have their first baby.
They name him Max.
The evil Chicago gangster Slade is on the loose.
lt Mason and Ann Rogers are both vying to catch the criminal.
The gang has come up with a scheme of contacting each other involving want ads and dogs as code names.
It also involves leaving money at a hotel for a "Mary Jordan".
The only problem occurs when someone who really is named Mary Jordan gets the money by mistake.
A trap is set and villains are caught.
A female marriage counselor and a male depression expert try to solve the marital problems of a troubled couple.
A student secretly goes back to school to marry one of her teachers.
The Young Kieslowski is a relationship comedy about Brian Kieslowski and Leslie Mallard, both undergraduates at Caltech, and both socially awkward virgins.
At a party, they meet and hook-up.
Afterwards, Leslie discovers that she is pregnant with twins, and decides she wants to keep them.
Brian, in his first relationship and out of his depth, does what he believes is the right thing.
He pretends to support her in her decision, while secretly hoping that she will change her mind.
The two of them then embark on a California road trip to break the big news to both of their uniquely dysfunctional families.
Last twenty-four hours before the marriage for the troubled, tempted, overwhelmed by events Arturo.
Tommy Mills wants to marry his girlfriend, Marie Thurber, but cannot afford it.
When he inherits a piece of property, he plans on selling it in order to facilitate the marriage.
However, Marie is also being pursued by Bernard Norton, who is not as seemingly dull as Tommy.
Marie's parents would prefer their daughter to marry Tommy, but things get complicated when Marie's father, Warren, needs to sell a piece of property he owns in order to get himself out of financial difficulty.
The town is interested in both pieces, but will only purchase one of them.
To further complicate matters, Tommy's uncle, David Tuttle is attempting to broker the deal for the purchase of the land.
In the confusion which ensues, both land parcels are sold without the permission of their owners.
The resulting chaos gives the appearance of misdeeds by Tommy, which pushes Marie towards the arms of her other suitor.
However, the truth comes out in the end, both Tommy and mr Thurber sell their properties and alleviate their financial needs, and Tommy and Marie get married.
At a bar, Deb Clarington, a camera operator for the local news, sees an attractive man, Ryan Waverly.
Although initially too insecure to approach him, her friend Ruby talks her into it.
While awkwardly hitting on him, Deb is interrupted by Ryan's fiance, who breaks up with him when he refuses to accept a high-paying job at his father's company.
The next thing Deb knows, she wakes in Ryan's bed with a hangover.
Ryan asks her to leave, and after several attempts to seduce him, she reluctantly agrees, seeing people attack and cannibalize each other.
Deb saves Ryan from a zombie attack, and they return to his apartment.
Deb once again attempts to seduce Ryan, who is more concerned with checking on his family and ex-fiancee.
Since he has no car, Deb agrees to help him.
They first visit his elderly neighbor for supplies.
Finding her apparently dead, they bicker over arrangements, only to be surprised when she rises as a zombie.
After they kill her, Deb drops the supplies, alerting many zombies.
The two flee to her car, agreeing that they will not stop until they reach Ryan's family.
Along the way, Deb eagerly rams several zombies; Ryan objects, saying they may be treatable.
Although skeptical of his idealistic optimism, Deb agrees not to unnecessarily kill them.
Despite their earlier agreement, Deb takes a detour to visit to Ruby, who is now a zombie.
Convinced the zombies may be treatable, Deb traps Ruby in the car's trunk.
At Ryan's father's mansion, the two meet Chaz, Ryan's brother, who quizzes them on whether they are zombies before allowing them in.
Ryan is reunited with Stacy, and Ryan's father, Frank, reveals that his water treatment plant spread the zombie virus to the town.
When Deb pushes for more information, he blames the mayor for pushing an environmentally dangerous project, to Ryan's disgust.
Frank privately tells Ryan the governor has arranged a helicopter for them, and Ryan insists they take Deb.
Frank initially refuses but relents when Ryan threatens to stay behind.
Frank attempts to drug Deb so they can leave her behind, but she hands the drugged food to their security guard.
When Ryan tells Stacy he no longer wants to marry her, she loudly simulates having sex, driving Deb to leave the house and Chaz to become intensely jealous.
After their guard dies, zombies attack Stacy.
Chaz ignores her pleas for help, and dazed by seeing her eaten alive, allows himself to be bitten.
The Waverlys leave the house for the helicopter, taking Chaz with them.
Deb discovers a security checkpoint at the town limits.
Satisfying the paramilitary group, they allow her to leave but say she must turn back to the town.
After she invokes Frank's name to the mayor, Frank himself appears, demanding his helicopter transportation.
The mayor explains there never was a helicopter, and he wants only to clean up loose ends.
Ryan tells the mayor that Deb is a reporter who has evidence on him hidden in her car's trunk, and Ruby kills the mayor when he investigates.
When Frank is also bitten, he tells Ryan and Deb to flee while he holds off the soldiers.
Deb realizes they can use her television station to send out a broadcast that can not be jammed.
After she proclaims her love for Ryan on-air, she is bitten.
Believing herself to be turning into a zombie, she asks Ryan to leave her behind and wait for help, but he refuses to abandon her, instead offering to himself to her as zombie food.
Before she can bite him, paramedics break into the station and reveal the virus is not contagious.
Frank and Chaz, revealed to have also survived although under arrest, encourage Ryan to proclaim his love to Deb.
As fighter jets bomb the city, Deb and Ryan kiss.
Kenji Delos Reyes delivers a speech during the wedding reception of his college friends, Kirby and Grace.
However, Kenneth, Kenji’s only son, makes out with a girl in a bathroom stall as the girl’s grandfather enters; chaos then ensues as the old man chases Kenneth to the reception hall.
Kenneth walked out and goes on a drinking spree while Kenji goes on a trip to Kenneth asks Kelay if they can have a great love story like Kenji and Athena.
The film cuts to black as Kenneth and Kelay are about to kiss.
Hare-brained schemes keep interrupting the honeymoon plans of newlyweds Bill (Franchot Tone) and Margaret Weldon (Lucille Ball).
The schemes are his, Bill constantly backing an eccentric inventor (Mikhail Rasumny) who comes up with a magical hair-growing formula and one that turns flowers into stone.
When circumstances conspire to make it appear Bill has murdered the inventor, he spends more time in the courtroom promoting his wild ideas than he does defending his life.
Margaret's testimony saves her husband, after which he continues to demand she quit meddling in his affairs.
Jimmy and Gretchen meet at the wedding of Vernon and Becca Barbara.
Jimmy, whom Becca turned down when he proposed two years earlier, is convinced Becca only invited him to rub her marriage to Vernon in his face.
He nevertheless showed up, determined to ruin Becca's day as payback.
Gretchen came as the guest of Becca's sister, Lindsay, who is Gretchen's best friend and enabler of her sex, drugs and rock-and-roll lifestyle.
Gretchen is the publicist for a rap trio and lives in a chaotic apartment, while Jimmy can support himself in upscale Silver Lake and drive a BMW, despite having published only one novel, written during his post-breakup depression, that has sold little and been remaindered at the local bookstore.
He supports himself by writing for glossy magazines, in addition to the tiny royalty checks that occasionally arrive in his mailbox.
He and Gretchen meet as Jimmy is being thrown out of the wedding reception after whispering something offensive to Becca, while Gretchen has decided to run off with one of the bride's wrapped gifts, which turns out to be a blender, to her disappointment.
Claiming to have no interest in a relationship, the two hook up that night.
Over the next few weeks, despite setting out to just "hang out and have fun" without obligation, they find themselves coming closer together.
In a parallel story, Lindsay is married to Paul, her affluent, conventional husband.
Paul is a decent but plain man with somewhat nerdy tastes who does not need to work for a living, instead indulging in his hobbies of astronomy, beer brewing and cycling.
The loveless marriage was mainly an attempt by Lindsay to outdo her older sister Becca by getting married first and having more material goods.
The marriage falls apart when Lindsay returns to taking drugs and drinking, and cheats with another man.
For her part, Becca is no happier with her husband Vernon, an immature man who is only interested in hanging out with friends in his man cave, drinking and watching sports and videos.
Jimmy also has a friend named Edgar, an Iraq War veteran suffering from PTSD, living in his house.
Throughout the first season, it is hinted that Jimmy expected the arrangement to be temporary and he sometimes wonders aloud when Edgar will move out.
As time goes on, it becomes clear that Jimmy has come to rely on Edgar's housework and cooking, as well as his friendship.
In 2002, Lainey (Alison Brie) causes a scene in a dorm.
Taking pity on her as she is about to be kicked out by security, Jake (Jason Sudeikis) claims her as his guest.
He learns that Lainey was there in order to lose her virginity to herA.
Matt (Adam Scott) who Jake thinks is the most boring guy in the world.
Lainey eventually realizes that Jake is also a virgin.
The two sleep together.
In the present Lainey breaks up with her long-term boyfriend Sam after telling him she has been cheating on him.
On the advice of her therapist she attends a sex addicts meeting where she runs into Jake, who is there because of his inability to commit.
Lainey, who has been having an off-and-on-again relationship with Matt the entire time, learns that he is engaged.
On the advice of a friend she contacts Jake.
The two go on one date where they confess their sexual problems to one another.
At the end of the date Jake confesses that he wants to sleep with her.
Lainey decides that the two of them should just be friends and Jake agrees with the codeword "mousetrap" to be used to deflate sexual tension between them.
The two hang out more and more and eventually become best friends.
However they begin to be mistaken for a couple by strangers, and their friends begin to think they are in a relationship as well.
Jake learns that Lainey is going to re-enroll in school and possibly move to Michigan.
He brings her to the birthday party of his friend's child where she meets a man called Chris Smith and begins seeing him, to Jake's chagrin.
Jake decides to move forward, and asks his boss Paula on a date.
A date with Chris Smith leads Lainey to run into Matt and his now pregnant wife.
At the same time Jake has sex with Paula and calls her Lainey.
After their nights out Jake and Lainey spend the night together where they realize that they are both in love with one another.
They decide to do nothing about it.
Lainey moves to Michigan and Jake devotes himself to Paula.
Two months after Lainey has left, during brunch with Paula, Jake sees Matt and punches him in the face.
Paula breaks up with him and Jake is arrested.
He calls Lainey from the police station and confesses he is in love with her.
She tells him she feels the same way.
Sometime later, Matt is suing Jake for emotional distress and refuses every settlement he offers.
Lainey goes to see him and tells him she will tell his wife about them if he does not accept Jake's settlement.
After leaving his office Lainey meets with Jake and the two rush off to be married.
Raymond Dabney (Montgomery) returns to a mixed reaction from his middle-class family in London after serving a sentence at  HM Prison Wormwood Scrubs for stealing a motorcar.
His mother (Beryl Mercer) and the family servant (Maude Eburne) are delighted to see him, but his father (C.
Aubrey Smith) and brother Claude (Reginald Owen) are less so.
His father is particularly disappointed in him, having sent him to Cambridge.
The two men offer him £500 to leave the country and never return; it seems Claude is engaged to a rich widow, and they are anxious to avoid any scandal that might endanger the marriage.
Raymond turns it down, however, and departs the same day.
He obtains work as a sheriff's officer, helping a bailiff serve a writ on Crystal Wetherby (Purcell), a woman in serious debt, taking possession of her property.
The bailiff instructs him to remain in Crystal's mansion to keep an eye on the seized property until the next day, but also to provide any reasonable assistance to the woman.
Crystal and her sole remaining servant, Clara (Greenwood), have him take the place of the departed butler.
Then Crystal mentions the name of her fiancé, none other than Claude Dabney.
Claude is bringing his parents to dinner that night to meet her.
The situation is awkward for all the Dabneys.
Meanwhile, Crystal's admirer, the wealthy and generous (if disreputable) Sir Charles Cartwright (Alan Mowbray), shows up.
Crystal has carefully kept the news of her engagement from him.
She manages to get the jealous man to leave without him meeting her dinner guests.
Before Claude leaves, he informs Crystal that her butler has a crooked past (without revealing they are brothers), but she refuses to discharge him (without revealing he is actually in possession of the premises).
To complicate matters even further, that night Raymond seduces a willing Crystal.
The next morning, Raymond prepares Crystal's breakfast in bed, though Clara insists on taking it up to her.
When Crystal removes the cover, she sees that the bacon has been arranged to spell the word "LOVE".
Clara picks up Crystal's undergarments scattered around the room, noting that her chemise is torn.
Crystal does not correct Clara's incredulous assumption that it was Claude who ripped it.
Raymond then proceeds to sabotage Crystal's other relationships.
When Sir Charles arrives, Raymond informs him of her engagement, causing the latter to tear up a check for £1000 he was about to give Crystal.
Claude then offers his brother £1000 to leave England forever; Raymond insists on being paid an additional £200 for immediate expenses.
Then Raymond shows Claude the writ, proving Crystal is not the wealthy woman she pretends to be.
Panic-stricken, Claude tells Raymond to reveal to her that they are brothers (in order to break off the engagement without being sued for breach of promise) and hastily departs.
Sir Charles returns, having discovered that his love for Crystal is too strong, but she declines his proposal of marriage.
When the bailiff shows up, Raymond pays off the outstanding debt, collects his wages, and informs Crystal that they can be married on the ship taking them to a fresh start in a new country.
She reminds him of her past, but he is undeterred.
She then happily embraces him.
The film begins as a boy and girl in costumes make promises to each other that they will get married someday.
On the present day, Miracle Samantha Perez is inside a bookstore and she notices from outside of the store that one of her friends Michie is confronting a guy named Timothy Odelle "Top" Pendleton with his girlfriend.
Samantha joins the scene as she thought that the guy is cheating on her friend, whom she calls a cheater, a liar and rude as she slaps him and her friends drag her away from the scene.
Inside the girls' comfort room, Michie and her other friends, China and Maggie, admit that the scene with Top was only a playtime because they want Hershey to break up with Top.
At home, Samantha's scene with Top became viral on the internet.
While taking up an exam, Samantha receives an unknown call, that turns out to be Top, the guy whom she called a cheater, liar and a maniac but she ends up cursing the caller when she was greeted rudely by the guy causing her phone to be confiscated by their teacher.
Top calls again but this time the teacher coincidentally answers the call but also ends up cursing each other.
Top with his gang, arrives at st Celestine to abduct Samantha where Jared "Red" Dela Cruz brings her to a night club.
At the night club, Top asks Samantha to go on a date with him but she refuses.
In the middle of their argument, Piggy's gang arrives and starts a bar fight.
Top was badly hurt after the fight and Samantha was so worried about his condition.
She asks the doctor of Top's condition, and she mistakenly believes that he has a brain cancer and he will not last any longer.
Samantha agrees to be his girlfriend, then Top admits he will not die.
Samantha realizes this and she intends to leave but she was threatened by Top to try to avoid him.
Samantha also discovers that Top is not just a common gangster, but the leader of the Lucky 13, the most notorious gang of the district known for their many achievements in many fields, wealth and gang fights.
At the mall, Top breaks up with Hershey and introduces Samantha as his new girlfriend.
Back at school, Samantha hears some rumors that her rival, Audrey Dela Cruz, Red's sister has a gangster boyfriend from Pendleton High named Top.
Piggy's gang abducts Audrey as they mistakenly thought that she is Top's girlfriend in order to lure him at their hideout, but Top overpowers Piggy's gang and saves Audrey.
Top confronts Samantha if she gave Piggy the information that Audrey was his girlfriend in which she denies.
He warns Samantha to be careful and not to get caught.
Samantha believes that Top is just playing on her, so she confronts Audrey.
Meanwhile, at dinner, Top told his parents that he already has a girlfriend and he will invite her for tomorrow dinner.
Top picks up Samantha from school and brings her to his house for dinner with his family, but the dinner ends up with Top and his father arguing about the death of Top's mother.
That night, Top breaks up with Samantha because she was too perfect for him, but Samantha has already fallen in love with him.
Samantha is badly hurt that Top broke up with her, then Audrey told her that Top was an ex-convict.
After school, Samantha was abducted by Piggy's gang in order to avenge.
Top and his gang arrives at Piggy's hideout and start fighting where they overpower Piggy's gang.
Samantha calls Top an ex-convict and he was stunned of what he heard, as Red takes Samantha home telling her that Top is not really a bad guy and it was the second time that Top saves her as the first was a mistaken identity caused by Samantha.
Samantha invites Top to a date to make peace of what she has said.
At Pendleton High, Top humiliates Samantha in front of everyone for being present at their basketball game.
Top apologizes to Samantha for humiliating her at his school then Top confesses his true feelings for Samantha and they become officially lovers.
At a theme park, Top gives Samantha a teddy bear which he got from Audrey's date after the guy verbally harassed Samantha which angered Top and knocks down the guy unconscious.
Samantha and Audrey finally make peace of their dislike toward each other.
Top went to the guy who stole Samantha's teddy bear to bring it back to her and beats the guy.
Top and Red went to Samantha's house to give back the teddy bear but Top was surprised when he saw Lee, Samantha's cousin.
Top asks Lee why he lied to him in believe that Sammy/Samantha was in Japan and Lee admits to him that Samantha was bound to a fixed marriage and he can never have Samantha.
Upset on what he discovered, Top breaks up again with her but Samantha wanted Top to fight for them.
With no other options left, Top and Samantha decide to live-in, far away from their families.
They stay in Top's beach house for several days.
Red and the rest of the gang arrives at the beach house as Red had a plan.
Red told Samantha that her parents knows where she is and they intend to sue Top of kidnapping and rape since Samantha is still a minor that will cause a huge issue between the Perez and the Pendleton Group of Companies.
Samantha decides to go home in order to save Top from being jailed.
Back at home, Samantha's parents was so upset for what she has done and her parents told her that Top was ex-convicted for kidnapping.
Shocked of what she discovered, Samantha confronts Top about it but she was surprised when he admits it.
She also learns that the person he kidnapped was his girlfriend, who turns out to be his half-sister.
She admits to Samantha that Top actually helped her to escape from his abusive father.
Upset of what she heard, she goes to see Top at his mother's tombstone to apologize and Top introduces Samantha to his mother.
Samantha discovers that Lee and his parents lied to him because they want her to get married to another man.
The Perez family celebrated a special night announcing the marriage of their only heir, Samantha, to the eldest sibling of the Dela Cruz family, Red.
Top goes to the party with blonde hair hears that Samantha and Red are getting married.
Samantha, badly mad that she will get married to her boyfriend's best friend, tries to convince Red to refuse the marriage, as an angry Top confronts Red because of his betrayal to him.
Samantha asks him to leave, with her ending up their relationship because no one can do anything.
Samantha was told by her parents that they will be leaving for France together with Red.
At st Celestine, the Lucky 13 gang tells Samantha that Top is waiting outside before playing a live song performance.
She goes outside and sees Top at his car apologizing that she can't do anything about the marriage but she still loves him promising that she will be back for him and Top replied to her that he is willing to wait for the day she returns and they kiss under the fireworks.
Two years later, Samantha receives a call from Audrey that Top got into an accident after he mysteriously vanished without anyone knowing.
Samantha and Red return home and Samantha realizes that Top could be at his beach house.
She goes to the beach house and she watches a video footage of a boy and a girl making promises to each other that they will be getting married someday as seen in the beginning of the film.
Meanwhile, Red admits to Audrey that he has fallen in love with Samantha.
As Samantha remembers the lost memories of her past that she and Top made promise to each other when they were just kids, a dog walks through and lead her to Top at the beach.
Samantha saw him as she realizes that he lost his sight as Top asks God for a miracle because he badly needs one as Samantha/Miracle hugs Top/Timothy with so much tears of joy of their reunion.
After the first part of the credits, a scene was featured where Samantha and Red kisses each other as they saw Top watching them unhappy of what he just saw, and a sequel is then confirmed that will be released soon.
Doris Miller (Sally Field) is a shy, eccentric 60-something woman, living alone following the death of her mother, whom she has lived with for her whole life.
At the funeral, her brother Todd (Stephen Root) and his wife (Wendi McLendon-Covey) try to persuade her to sell the house, especially the possessions, as she is a hoarder and has a habit of keeping discarded furniture she finds on the street.
Her only close friend is the fiery Roz (Tyne Daly), though she also gets along with Roz's granddaughter.
On her way to work, where she has been working as a data entry worker for decades, she meets a younger co-worker, John (Max Greenfield), whom she is immediately infatuated with.
Empowered and inspired by cliched self-improvement tapes, Doris decides to go after him.
Doris finds ways to get John's attention, though the attempts are frequently combined with daydream fantasies about a passionate love affair between them.
With the help of Roz's granddaughter (Isabella Acres), she creates a fake social media profile in order to find information about him, and discovers that he loves an electropop band that is planning an upcoming concert in the area.
Doris buys a CD for the band, which gets John's attention, and attends the concert, where she meets him and they spend time together.
The band is intrigued by Doris and invite her backstage, where they spend a fun evening meeting young artists in the area.
John tells her that he and his girlfriend recently broke up over text, and asks her about her love life.
She reveals that she was engaged in the past, but when her fiance left for a job in Arizona, she had to decline in order to take care of her mother.
When they part for the night, John gives her a friendly kiss goodnight, and Doris is in love.
John is distracted for the next week, and Doris discovers that he has a girlfriend, Brooklyn.
Though Brooklyn is friendly and charming, and John likes her, Doris is devastated.
She spends the night drinking wine, and in a drunken fit of anguish, she posts a comment on John's social media wall while using her fake profile, posing as a scorned young woman whom he had a torrid love affair with.
The next morning, Todd arrives with her therapist, planning on decluttering Doris's house, but when his wife tries to throw out a pencil Doris stole from John, she angrily throws them out of her house.
Todd tells her that he's disappointed in her, and she retorts that he was never around when their mother needed help.
He says that it was what worked out the best for his success, and she tells him that she could have had those opportunities, too.
At work, Brooklyn arrives and has a fight with John before breaking up with him; Brooklyn tells Doris later that she had seen the comment on his wall and accused him of cheating on her, and she admits that she was cheated on in the past.
After work, John tells her about the incident and invites her to his Thanksgiving for friends.
She agrees, and when he asks her if she'd ever be interested in dating a younger man, she assumes that he is interested in her.
Roz tells Doris that she's deluded and that she's making a huge mistake by going after John, but an infatuated Doris refuses to listen.
She dresses up and goes to the Thanksgiving party, where she meets John's uncle, who is clearly interested in her.
During the party, she asks to talk to John in his bedroom.
While trying to come onto him, she reveals that she's always liked him and that she was the one to put up the comment that drove him and Brooklyn apart.
Upset, John rebuffs her, shocked that his friend would break him up with a girlfriend he was so fond of.
When a flustered Doris asks him what he meant by asking her if she was interested in younger men, he admits he was trying to set her up with his uncle, who is a decade younger than Doris -- thus, a younger man.
A hurt Doris leaves and invites Roz over for comfort.
Doris invites her therapist over to declutter her house, and she succeeds getting it cleaned up.
She also quits her job, and says good-bye to John before she leaves.
The two end on good terms, John having reconciled with Brooklyn.
When Doris goes to the elevator to leave on her last day, John calls her name, races out of his office, and tells her that he really is interested in her and wants to sincerely begin a relationship with her.
They kiss, but this is all revealed to be the last one of Doris's fantasies.
In reality, alone, she enters the elevator to leave.
After hesitating, John calls out her name and runs toward the elevator.
The doors close.
Walter is a non-commissioned officer of the Navy, while Raf is a ship's cook; they become great friends but unfortunately they fall in love, without knowing it, with the same girl, Sonia, who clearly prefers the most brilliant Walter.
The girl does not have the courage to reveal it to Raf, who believes instead that she loves him to death.
Cocky college football star Francis Finnegan has his eye on the attractive Gloria van Dayham, as does his rival, Larry Stacey.
Francis gets a job in a department store owned by Stacey's father, where salesgirl June Cort develops an attraction to him.
Finnegan proposes that Stacey's store sponsor a football team, which causes rival shop owner Whimple to do likewise.
The team's head cheerleader, Mimi, falls for team mascot Joe, meanwhile, and everybody pairs off with the perfect partner after the big game.
Ricky (Jon Cryer), a lonely, 40-something restaurant manager finally meets his ideal woman, Danita (Stephanie Szostak) through a dating website.
However, one significant problem arises: she's married and wants him to kill her abusive husband (Jed Rees) so that she and Ricky can be together.
Ricky is so smitten he agrees to do it with the help of his accountant best friend, Seth.
(Will Sasso).
In the city of Lagos, Warri-based Nigerians, Akpors (Ayo Makun), an impulsive but funny young man and his more reserved, learned cousin, Richard (Ramsey Nouah), anT.
consultant are invited to a luxurious real estate showcase party sponsored by a businessman and realtor, dr Johnson Adetola Briggs (Majid Michel) with his wife (Juliet Ibrahim) in new Lekki Gardens Estate, Lagos.
Akpors unexpectedly wins a 30-day prize trip to Atlanta, for a couple in the raffle draw.
Akpors decides to go with his cousin on the trip.
On arriving Atlanta Airport, they recognize a Nigerian politician and exchange greetings.
While going for a walk from their temporary residence, Akpors experiences his first culture shock, an American kid persistently declines her mother's instruction without being punished for it.
They compare the scenario with counterparts back home and Akpors confronts the kid in the presence of her mother who reprimands him afterwards.
He experiences a few more peculiarities about the American culture.
They go to an outdoor musical dance talent hunt.
After watching a series of performers, Akpors decides to take up a challenge and display his peculiar dancing style with the music of his choice to the audience' amusement.
They later obtain a white convertible from a car agency and Richards convinces Akpors about the agency's mode of operations in the country.
On driving to a restaurant with petrol station, they bump into a friend, Okiemute (Desmond Elliot) they knew back home.
In the midst of their excited greetings, Okiemute tries to caution them to change their familiar style of greeting since his name has changed.
Okiemute invites them both to eat at the restaurant while Akpors also experiences another culture shock when he sees a lady footing the bill on a couple's date.
Akpors is also amazed to hear some disaffected customers complaining about the restaurant's service in Nigerian pidgin.
They discuss foreign baby droppers who come to give birth in the US.
On sighting a beautiful lady, Kimberly (Karlie Redd), Akpors reveals his intention to date her but Okiemute cautions him about her strict father.
They drive to the beautiful residence of a Nigerian friend in diaspora, Uncle Wilson (Kesse Jabiri).
They are welcomed by Wilson's wife, (Vivica Fox) who instantly recognizes their accent.
They adore the residence's interior design before being welcomed by Wilson.
They experience yet another culture shock when they see Wilson performing traditional African female roles (food preparation, babysitting, housekeeping etc) while his wife gives him instructions.
Akpors, eager to displays his feelings tries to confront Wilson but is restrained by Richard.
After narrating their love story, Akpors has the biased opinion that Wilson is under a spell from his wife.
Akpors tries to convince Wilson that his wife's "domination" is abnormal.
Akpors finally decides to leave the house, almost revealing his annoyance to Wilson's wife but for Richard's timely intervention.
They attend a Sustainable earth conference in which the same minister they met is also attending.
Akpors makes a weird but humorous comment to everyone's surprise.
At the lunch, they sight Kimberly and Akpors urges Richard into starting a conversation.
It turns out well despite Akpors' blunders and Richard's interference.
She gives Richard a contact and they leave just in time for her father, Odiye (Richard Mofe Damijo), aS.
based Nigerian who owns the restaurant, to show up.
Akpors sometimes disturbs Richard and affects his concentration in their residence.
Richard decides to visit the restaurant again to await Kimberly but Akpors shows up unexpectedly.
He persuades Richard that he will be supportive of his date.
After ordering food, he takes the initiative by signaling to Kimberly when she arrives.
Unaware that they were visitors and not residents, Kimberly mentions Akpors' comment at the conference and her father's interest to meet him and possibly engage him in an stand-up comedy contract.
Richard tries to discourage the proceedings but Akpors maintains an interest and requests further information on the remuneratory aspect of the proposed contract, despite knowing it was a violation of his visa to work during their visit.
After the contract is awarded and Akpors commences work at the restaurant, he narrates it to Richard who cautions him that it was illegal to work and might be arrested if discovered.
Undaunted by the risks, he refuses to quit the job.
While leaving for their residence in a taxi, it dawns on Richard that he has left his wallet with cash behind.
As a result of their situation, Akpors recommends that they flee on dropping from the taxi.
Unknown to them, the driver understood their conversation and threatens them with a gun before dropping them half-naked on the streets in annoyance.
Kimberly and her father comes to their aid and drives them home.
They are treated with good hospitality while Odiye narrates his family story, citing his late American wife, Joyce (Kimberly's mother), ordeal and journey from Nigeria to the United States, advising them not to be discouraged by setbacks in life.
Kimberly prepares dinner and invites them all to the table.
They meet for the first time and are introduced to Odiye's immigration lawyer, Clara (Lynn Whitfield).
They converse and Akpors makes additional blunders but succeeds in making them laugh.
Clara, impressed by Akpors' sense of humour decides to see him perform at the restaurant.
While leaving for their residence, Akpors reveals his interest in dating Clara to Kimberly.
Kimberly reveals that Clara is much older than she looks, but Akpors doesn't give up on starting a date with her.
Richards tries to make romantic advances but Kimberly reminds him that they are still under her father's watchful eye.
Richard and Akpors drives home in the car.
Later, Akpors proceeds to date Clara and succeeds in winning her affection.
He teaches her some Nigerian pidgin and slangs.
Richard also gets along well with Kimberly on a date but unlike Akpors, he reveals their visitor status in the United States.
On another day, Richard converses with his mother and uncle James via Skype and is surprised to learn that his former girlfriend, Ese is assisting his mother at home, at work and making future wedding arrangements.
He tries to convince his mother that they have ended their relationship and mentions his new found love, describing Kimberly.
When Akpors accompanies Richard to collect a portraiture gift for Kimberly and waits outside, Akpors disappears before he comes out, having strolled into a gang of street gamblers.
As soon as Richards notices his sudden disappearance, he searches for him.
Akpors has already engaged himself in a gambling session by the time Richards finds him.
On discovery, Richard cautions him that the gang of gamblers might be prone to committing crime.
Akpors convinces him to go and meet Kimberly at home and leave him with his gambling as everything will be fine.
Richard reluctantly leaves.
Kimberly notifies Richard on phone about their dating arrangements and her intentions to Skype with his mother when she gets home.
Richard gives her an incentive to proceed as planned.
Kimberly enters the house and awaits Richard.
Meanwhile, Akpors gambling spree has gone sour and after deciding to leave with his winning, he is threatened with a gun by one of the gamblers.
Other members of gang try to restrain the attacker while Akpors displays his aggressive behaviour and breaks a bottle on his head, threatening and chasing his attacker as a defensive measure.
The attacker and his gang flees to avoid the dangerous scene when the cops' siren signals are heard nearby.
At Richard's residence, Kimberly decides to pick the Skype video call.
On sighting Richard's mum, she introduces herself.
Richard's mum, not familiar with the American way of greeting, considers Kimberly rude.
Ese, who happened to be nearby immediately describes herself in the mum's presence that she is Richard's wife.
Richard's mum leaves the conversation to attend to her cooking and tells Ese not to tamper with the laptop.
Ese agrees but continues the Skype video conversation and tries to convince Kimberly that she will be used and dumped by Richard.
She proceeds by showing her proof of their "marriage" with intimate pictures of her with Richard.
Kimberly becomes heartbroken and drives away from the house in tears.
She refuses to pick Richard's calls and hints him of her discovery of his secret past.
After fleeing the gambling scene, Akpors is arrested by the cops before he reaches home.
He manages to notify Richard on phone requesting Clara's intervention on the case.
Richard reprimands him for his actions and agrees to involve Clara.
Akpors leaves the phone hanging and barely ends his coversation in an attempt to flee erotic advances from a prison inmate.
Clara approaches Akpors in the cell and tries to clarify the situation, discussing with the legal officials as a representative lawyer.
In the middle of Akpors conversation with the officials, it is discovered that Akpors also violated his visa, making his case more severe and punishable by law.
He is finally granted bail and scheduled for a court hearing.
In court, he persists in defending his actions and commits more blunders in the process.
He is cautioned to keep silent by Richard or risk going to Jail.
Clara also reiterated that he keep silent while she spoke.
To avoid prosecution, the presiding Judge agreed that the total income Akpors has earned will be sufficient as compensation for his legal and visa violation if the money is donated to charity under supervision.
In order to avert further violation pending his stay in the United States, Clara decides to keep him under her watchful eye and takes him to her house to cook him dinner.
Akpors expresses his appreciation for her timely intervention and falls in love with her.
He requests for her bedroom and carries her inside.
Afterwards, Clara overhears Akpors conversing on phone implying that his relationship with Clara will facilitate his green card and American citizenship.
Clara becomes furious that Akpors might have taken advantage of her influential position and after reminiscing about the recent past, she ejects Akpors immediately from her house and threatens to call the police if he refuses to leave.
Akpors leaves.
Richard, on the other hand has been disturbed since Kimberly stopped communicating.
He attempts to clarify the situation and explain to Kimberly but her father, Odiye intervenes and orders him to leave his daughter alone, reiterating the stereotyped bad image many young Nigerian men portray to the Western world.
Odiye comforts his daughter when Richard leaves.
Richard in an attempt to converse with his mother on Skype, sees Ese and talks to her angrily about her interference in his relationship with Kimberly.
He also learns about Akpor's eviction from Clara's house.
Akpors reluctantly donates his earnings to charity.
As their departure date to Nigeria draws nearer, they make additional tours in the country and take photographs.
At the airport, as the men prepare to board their flight back to Nigeria, they are surprised to see Kimberly and Clara who after further clarifications had both made up their minds to follow them back to Nigeria to meet their relatives.
Glory Eden (Ginger Rogers) is the "Purity Girl" of the Ippsie Wippsie Hour radio program.
The show's sponsor, Sam Ipswich (Gregory Ratoff), discovered the orphan and made her a star in three months.
He needs her public image to match her pure radio persona to promote Ippsie Wippsie, "the washcloth of queens".
However, Glory longs to be a party girl, going out to nightclubs, drinking, dancing, meeting men and having a good time.
All she can do is listen with envy to what her African-American maid Vera (Theresa Harris) does in Harlem after work.
Ipswich is anxious for her to sign a new contract, but she throws a tantrum and refuses, as it explicitly prohibits all the things she wants to do.
Along with everything else she has missed out on, she wants a sweetheart.
Speed Dennis (Frank McHugh), Ipswich's press agent, considers this a great idea.
He thinks the man should be "Anglo-Saxon" (to appeal to the corn belt), while Herbert (Franklin Pangborn), Glory's dressmaker, insists he be under 25.
Ipswich's secretary tells them that the "purest Anglo-Saxons" hail from the hills of Kentucky, so Glory picks a fan letter at random from those written by young Kentucky men and ends up with 23-year-old Jim Davey (Norman Foster).
She likes the enclosed photo of him.
Ipswich, Speed and Herbert want her to choose someone else, but when "sob sister" reporter Elmerada de Leon (ZaSu Pitts) comes to interview Glory, she spots the photo, so they have to play along.
Speed goes to Kentucky and persuades the reluctant rural hick to accept a ten-day stay in New York.
When he arrives, the press expects him to marry her, so Speed prompts the bashful Jim into romancing Glory.
The wedding is conducted on-air.
Kelsey (Edgar Kennedy) assigns O'Connor (Allen Jenkins) to try steal Glory away for his own radio program, sponsored by the Kelsey Dish Rag Company.
O'Connor offers Jim help to slip away with Glory for a private honeymoon in Atlantic City, away from the press.
Naive, Jim is stunned when he finds out that O'Connor is doing all this just to get Glory to sign with Kelsey and that the marriage is just a publicity stunt.
At first, Jim insists that Glory wants to retire from show business and settle down, but when she learns the Kelsey contract has no restrictions on how she lives her life, she is eager to sign.
Jim decides to take matters into his own hands, taking his wife home to rural Kentucky.
At first, Glory is miffed, but the couple settle their differences (after a spanking and a punch to the jaw).
As they are settling into country life, Speed arrives, but is unable to persuade Glory to return.
He comes up with an idea.
He gets Ipswich to let Vera sing as the Purity Girl that night.
His plan backfires.
Glory does become jealous, as he intended, but O'Connor is present, and she signs his contract.
When the couple go to New York, Jim refuses to let his wife perform without him.
Speed has hired him for Ippsie Wippsie as a poet.
To solve the problem, the two sponsors join forces, merging their companies to form Ippsie-Kelsey Clothies, and have the young couple perform together.
To finance a new play, Michael McCreigh needs $15,000.
He proposes an outrageous wager with his rich Uncle Carlton, that without clothes or money, Michael can make it from New York City to Los Angeles in 10 days, and arrive there in a new suit with $100.
If not, he will quit the theater and go into his uncle's meatpacking business.
Dropped off from a limousine in only his undergarments, Michael dashes into a diner.
There he encounters Paula Gilbert and her beau Jackson Wallace, promptly stealing her coat and his tux.
While hitchhiking, by coincidence, Paula and her Aunt Charlotte come along.
To the consternation of her aunt, who prefers Jackson's prospects, Paula begins to fall for Michael.
His various schemes earn him money on the way west, but after two escaped convicts rob them, Paula becomes aware of Michael's bet and is disappointed in him.
He manages to get toA.
just in time, with reward money for capturing the fugitives, and Paula forgives him.
Then she demands that he go into his uncle's meatpacking trade after all.
While serving time in jail, Major Manning wins a mine in New Mexico from a fellow inmate.
Upon his release, he hatches a scheme with several of his former associates to use the mine, which he believes worthless, to con rich New Yorkers.
His first contact is with his old partner, Steve Dorsey, who has married a wealthy socialite, Nancy.
Dorsey listens to Manning's plan, and agrees to head up the bogus investment company, having become bored with his suburban life.
In order to induce the wealthy to invest in their bogus scheme, they hire an unwitting accomplice as their head of their company, Malcolm Winthrop.
Winthrop adds legitimacy to the group since he was the financial editor of newspaper in Yonkers.
After they hire Winthrop, they convince Nancy to invest most of her money in the scheme.
When Winthrop starts to become suspicious of his new partners, he travels to New Mexico to physically inspect the mining operation.
He discovers that contrary to what Manning believes, it is actually potentially very profitable.
He convinces Nancy to fund the project, and he buys up all the outstanding shares in the mine, gaining total control.
By the time Manning understands what is going on, he is shut out of the mine, which turns into a moneymaker.
Dorsey is forgiven by Nancy, and the two reconcile.
Upset with his current living arrangements, Sam shares occupancy of a flat for two days per week with slob Brian and painter Ellen.
When Sam and Brian swap their schedules without telling Ellen, she assumes that their personalities have changed.
Milly and Jess are best friends who met in grade school and do everything together.
As they grow older, Milly settles down and marries her rocker boyfriend Kit while Jess becomes an environmentalist and marries her long-time boyfriend Jago.
Milly, busy with her career and her young family, learns that she has breast cancer after a long-delayed checkup.
She finds herself unable to tell Kit and, after a week, finally confides in Jess.
Once she tells Kit and their children, Scarlett and Ben, Milly tasks Jess with helping her get through chemotherapy and the two women joke around as Milly receives her treatments.
During this time period, Jess, who has been unable to conceive naturally, puts off IVF treatments with Jago, feeling that she cannot keep trying to have children while Milly is sick.
After Jago grows exasperated, Jess finally decides to give it a shot and the couple manage to conceive a baby shortly after.
The night Jess learns that she is pregnant, Milly learns that though she has responded to the chemotherapy, she still needs a double mastectomy.
She goes to a bar and gets drunk and, when Jess retrieves her, confesses that she has a big ego and does not want to appear unattractive.
Jess reassures her that she will always want her in her life.
Milly goes through with the double mastectomy but Jess finds herself unable to tell Milly she is pregnant as she feels as though her good news would cause Milly grief.
Meanwhile, Jess learns Jago must go away to work on an oil-rig to pay for their IVF treatments.
Milly finds herself growing increasingly distant from Kit after the surgery.
After he arranges a surprise birthday dinner, Milly walks out, taking Jess with her and the two go all the way to Yorkshire ostensibly to see the moors where the Brontë sisters grew up, though, in reality, Milly is chasing down a bartender, Ace, that she had sex with post-surgery.
When Jess discovers the deception, she and Milly fight and she reveals her pregnancy to Milly.
For a while, Milly and Jess are estranged.
During this period, Jess learns that she is having a high-risk pregnancy while Milly learns that while her breast cancer is in remission she also has fatal malignant tumours in her brain.
Milly tracks down Jess and the women reconcile.
She also confesses her affair to Kit and although he feels betrayed, he decides to make love to Milly knowing that her days are numbered.
Milly eventually tells her children that she will die and must go into hospice care.
While there, she tells Jess she is holding on for the birth of Jess' first child.
Jess goes into labour early while Jago is still on the oil rig.
While Kit does not want Milly to attend the labour, her mother, Miranda, helped her sneaked out of the hospice so she is able to be there when Jess gives birth.
Some days after, Milly dies at the hospice with Jess by her side.
Epilogue: A few years later, Jess is pregnant again, this time started naturally, and the two families are shown being close and having lunch together.
Jess muses on how her friend was irreplaceable, but then recognizes a trait of hers in Scarlett, Milly’s daughter.
The film follows Etienne (Patrick Timsit), a 40-year-old car designer, who takes time off from work to study sexual mastery from a Zen master (Alain Chabat) and several prostitutes, in the hopes of having the sexual skill to impress Laure (Cécile de France).
Laure, a blonde who was introduced to him by his friend Jacques (Richard Berry), told Etienne on January 1 that she will not have sex with him until May 27 that year at precisely 9pm.
Jay (Chris Attoh), a casanova, to the surprise of his friends, proposes to his girlfriend, Kimora (Yvonne Nelson).
Jay's friend, Raymond (Kweku Elliot) a casanova who's now also married to one of Kimora's friends, Paula (Nadia Buari), is indifferent.
Andy (Eddie Watson), the "baddest" of the trio, thinks Jay is about to get into a lifetime imprisonment.
One year after the marriage, Jay is having an affair with Judith (Jane Awindor), and constantly lies to Kimora.
Jay eventually breaks up with her, because she's become too possessive of him; on his way out of her apartment, Jay bumps into Raymond, who's also coming out of a mistress' apartment, thereby discovering each other's secrets.
Apparently, Paula, a lawyer, is always busy with work and never finds time for Raymond, while Kimora has also refused to give Jay a blowjob.
Paula introduces Raymond to Yolanda (Itz Tiffany), her old friend, and Raymond starts an affair with her as well.
Vida (Tana Adelana), a friend of Kimora and Paula, is married to Ranesh (Kofi Adjorlolo), a 59-year-old man who leaves her very unsatisfied in bed.
She meets her new neighbor Andy, and eventually confesses that she wants to have sex with him, leading to them having an affair.
Judith turns out to be a friend of Kimora's, and she's come to stay with the couple for a month.
Judith constantly taunts Jay in front of his wife.
Jay speaks out of tune during an argument with Kimora, leading to him confessing his affairs, including the one with Judith.
Paula realizes that she's had a very bad sex life with her husband, so she makes a sex timetable; infuriates Raymond and he asks for a divorce.
During the divorce deliberation, Paula reveals that she knows about Raymond's affair with Yolanda, and that it was in fact a bet between her and Yolanda.
Kimora leaves Jay's house.
Ranesh catches his wife and Andy having sex; Andy escapes by jumping down from the first storey of the building, breaking his leg as a result.
Paula gets back together with her husband, having been convinced to do so by her counselor.
Raymond apologizes about everything, while Paula asks sweetly how many times he'd want to have sex in a week.
Kimora also sees a counselor, then goes back to Jay and asks him to pull down his pants for a blowjob, but he refuses, overwhelmed by her presence.
Andy is accosted by a lady who claims she's pregnant by him and tries to make a scene; Andy however cunningly escapes.
Ad man Vincent Doane is assigned to land Margot Fraser's perfume account.
Anxious that his wife Paula might become jealous, he fibs that the account is with a "Mr.
Fraser".
Paula gets suspicious and decides to play a trick on her husband, hiring an actor to pretend to be a gigolo who is interested in her.
Little does she know that Vincent has been tipped off to the ruse.
Business tycoon Claude Kimball is mistaken for the gigolo and gets snared in the Doanes' schemes, including when the fellow playing the gigolo turns up.
Vincent is shocked when Claude arranges for a multi-million-dollar tobacco account to come his way.
Paula, however, demands a divorce during the confusion, convinced that Margot has been having an affair with her husband.
A confrontation involving all at a train station results in Paula being slapped by Margot, then finally figuring out that her husband has been faithful to her all along.
Irresponsible, happy-go-lucky Tony Spear returns home to the United States and his family after years of sailing throughout the Orient with his crewman Corky Nye.
His wealthy department store owner father Spear and brother John are fearful of what damage he will do to their reputations as staid, respected businessmen, remembering what happened the last time.
John has some news for his brother; he has just proposed marriage to Jo Spiggins, who grew up with them both and is now a valued and trusted store employee.
Tony is delighted, at first.
When John has to go away on a business trip, he asks Tony to use his influence to persuade Jo to accept his proposal.
Jo's father "Spiggy" Spiggins, a store manager and classmate of's, does not think John is a good match for his daughter, preferring Tony as a son-in-law.
When he sees how much happier she is after she goes out with Tony, he tries to get Tony to marry Jo himself, but the young man is not interested in matrimony and views Jo more as a sister.
As time goes on, however, he begins to come around to Spiggins' viewpoint.
Jo warms to him too, until they go to a diving exhibition.
First, she does not like it when Tony invites two female friends and their dates to their table.
Then Tony gets drunk and dives off the board himself while dressed in formal evening clothes.
After that, she stalks off.
When Tony runs after her, some men try to restrain him; he starts a fight and is jailed.
Jo then accepts John's proposal.
Spiggins tries to sabotage the wedding by getting drunk and hiding out on Tony's sailboat, the Vagabond Lady, figuring if he is not there to give his daughter away, they cannot proceed.
Jo tracks him down and assumes (as Spiggins had plotted) that it is Tony who is trying to derail the ceremony.
Despite their mutual hostility toward each other, Tony offers to sail her to the wedding in Westport, giving them enough time to get her father sober.
On the way, Tony tells Corky to throw him overboard if he so much as touches Jo.
When Corky gets drunk (with Spiggins) and a storm comes up, Tony has to get Jo to help him sail the boat.
They quarrel, but it ends with him kissing her.
A drunk Corky sees this, and after Jo goes below, he sneaks up behind Tony and kicks him off the boat.
The next morning, Corky has only a hazy memory of what happened, but tells Jo that Tony has a habit of leaving him to deal with women he abandoned.
Jo believes him and decides goes through with the wedding.
However, Tony (having hijacked a fishing boat that picked him up) manages to get there just in time to persuade his brother that Jo would not be respectable enough for his career and reputation.
Tony then drags a delighted Jo away.
A young woman's life is sent into a tailspin when she finds out her twin sister is marrying someone she just recently met.
New York serves as a backdrop for a cast of characters in search of love, lust or lucre including a woman who makes awkward moves on the man renovating her SoHo loft, an embezzler, a sleazy artist and a phone psychic.
Pido (Rene Requiestas) and Dida (Kris Aquino) grew up together in an orphanage believing they are siblings.
Soon after a family adopts both of them, they leave the house due to abuse.
They later reach a shanty town and found themselves living within the area with Nanay Bachoy (Vangie Labalan).
During this time, their real families are already looking for them.
The moment that their parents found them and they discover that they are not related, their feelings for each other get stronger.
They are now separated from each other, however, with Pido working as a street vendor and Dida living in a mansion.
Despite their differences, they still choose to love each other and they get married in the end.
At one point in the film, Fido, in an attempt to follow Dida literally followed the plane that (he thought) Dida was aboard until he later fell down from the sky unharmed.
Johann Porok, a third-generation butler in the service of Count Albert Sandor, the Prime Minister of Hungary, is unexpectedly elected to the Hungarian parliament, representing the opposition social progressive party.
Despite this, he insists on remaining a servant as well.
Count Sandor is pleased with this peculiar arrangement, as he has found Johann to be the perfect butler and does not wish to break in a new man.
His daughter, Baroness Katrina Marissey, however, considers Johann a traitor and treats him very coldly.
In parliament, Johann attacks the Prime Minister, his employer, for yearly promising much to the poor underclass and delivering nothing, always citing "difficulties".
To Katrina's puzzlement, the Count is not offended in the least and remains quite friendly with Johann.
Within three months, Johann becomes the leader of his party.
Katrina becomes more and more furious, finally throwing her purse and striking Johann in parliament during one of his scathing speeches.
When his colleagues assume it was thrown by someone from the ruling conservative party, a brawl breaks out, and Johann and the Prime Minister hastily depart.
Baron Georg Marissey, Katrina's husband and another member of parliament, later informs them that a vote of confidence was held after they left; the Count lost and will have to resign as Prime Minister.
He is pleased to be able to spend more time with his wife.
However, he reluctantly discharges Johann, as he has been neglecting his duties as head butler.
They part good friends.
When Katrina holds a ball, her ambitious husband invites Johann without her knowledge.
Left alone together, Katrina gradually warms to Johann.
Then he confesses that he loves her, and that is why he is trying to better himself, even though he knows his cause is hopeless.
Katrina embraces and kisses him.
They are interrupted by Georg and Major Andros, another ardent admirer of Katrina.
In private, Georg offers to divorce Katrina in return for Johann nominating him for the office of Minister of Commerce.
Despite Katrina's strong opposition, Johann does just that in parliament.
However, Katrina denounces the bargain in public, and Georg is forced to leave the parliamentary chamber in disgrace.
In the final scene, Johann Porok is served breakfast in bed by the "maid", Katrina, who is revealed to be mrs Porok.
Peggy (Love) is the owner of a lumber camp, and she falls for Clayton, a man from the city (McDonald), who comes to the camp.
Clayton's sister invites Peggy to come to the city, where she attends school, and becomes a "modern woman".
When Peggy returns to the camp, it is revealed that she was never the true owner of the lumber camp, but this does not matter to Clayton, who is love with Peggy.
Sam and Charlotte are divorcing after forty years of marriage.
Charlotte convinces Sam to wait until after their grown children (Hank and Eleanor), grandchildren (Hank's kids Charlie, Bo and Madison), Charlotte's father and sister (Bucky and Emma) and Sam's aunt (Fishy) have enjoyed one last "perfect Christmas" before announcing the planned divorce.
As scenes shift back and forth across the Cooper family members, their memories also briefly appear on screen as younger versions of themselves.
Hank, already struggling through his recent divorce from Angie, loses his job as a family holiday photographer when replaced by a machine.
Eleanor has flown in but stays in an airport bar rather than going straight to her parent's house.
She meets Joe, a soldier snowed in for at least another day at the airport.
Talking about their different points of views and stances on relationships, Eleanor reveals that she is secretly dating a commitment-free married man.
She hates how her parents judge her for not being in a relationship, so she convinces Joe to pretend to be her boyfriend at the family dinner.
Bucky is a regular at a local diner, where he has befriended Ruby, a 20ish waitress who is unsettled.
They get into a serious argument when he learns that she is leaving town to a random spot on the map, made worse by telling others but being "too cowardly" to tell him.
He then apologizes and asks her to join the family dinner.
High schooler Charlie drops in on his crush, Lauren, at the holiday store she works&mdash;finally making a move and sharing a kiss with her.
Emma is arrested by police officer Percy Williams, after she attempts to steal a piece of jewelry as a gift for Charlotte.
In his car, Emma engages him in conversation and relents and lets her go, with advice that she buy Charlotte the most expensive thing she can afford.
Sam and Charlotte continue arguing while preparing dinner.
The four generations of Coopers are arriving at the house, along with Joe, Ruby and Hank's ex-wife Angie.
During the dinner, chaos unleashes when Hank and Angie argue about their divorce, which leads to Bo screaming at them to "just stop fighting".
There is a momentary power outage, and when it comes back Eleanor is kissing Joe, Emma is drinking everyone's wine, and Ruby screams when she sees that Bucky has collapsed.
At the hospital, Hank and Ruby walk beside Bucky's gurney as he is being taken for tests.
Ruby kisses Bucky on the lips &ndash; confusing but deeply touching Hank.
In the waiting room, Charlotte argues with Eleanor when she figures out that she is sleeping with Bucky's physician, dr Morrisey, so Eleanor crushes her further by admitting that Joe is just a prop from the airport bar.
Alone with a sleeping Bucky in his room, Charlotte and Emma argue about their broken relationship as sisters.
Joe leaves after also realizing Eleanor's affair is with dr Morrisey, but she chases after him, and the two share another kiss.
Charlie is surprised when Lauren appears in the waiting room, responding to the text he sent her (actually, Bo sent it to "help" him).
Hank comforts Ruby, signifying their budding relationship.
Sam and Charlotte reconcile.
Emma, following Officer Percy's advice, buys Charlotte the most expensive thing she can &ndash; a shower stool from the hospital's small gift shop.
Everyone is happily sharing a "Christmas meal" in the hospital cafeteria, when fortuitous Muzak leads the whole Cooper clan to joyfully dance around the cafeteria.
The film is narrated by the family's st Bernard, Rags.
Everybody enjoys playing pranks on Littleton Looney, so when he wins a voyage on a luxury liner, word is mischievously sent ahead to the captain that Looney is a rich and famous mining engineer.
Aboard ship, Looney makes the acquaintance of Ellen Saunders, who is being followed by two strangers trying to steal her money.
Befriended by kindly Senator Powell, he comes up with a suggestion that saves a company a considerable amount of time and money, impressing both Ellen and the senator, who turns out to be the famed engineer, traveling incognito.
The film is presumed lost as no known surviving copies of the film exist.
A synopsis of the film was published in The Moving Picture World.
It states: "Glade and Sears are next door neighbors and old friends.
Glade has a daughter, while Sears has a son.
The young people have never met, being away at school while the old folks have been cementing their friendship.
As the two men own adjoining places, they believe that the best thing for the younger people to do is to get married.
So they try to bring this about.
Gladys Glade and Charlie Sears meet on the train while they are returning home and start a flirtation.
Perhaps they would have married in the end, if the old folks hadn't 'butted in.
' As it is, they lose all interest in each other.
Then the fathers try another tack.
They decide to be bitter enemies in public, hoping the opposition will bring the children together.
The new plan works like a charm, and Gladys and Charlie, realizing their parents' shortcomings, decide to elope.
They do so, much to the satisfaction of Glade and Sears".
Jackie (Kathryn Bernardo) is a troubled, nineteen-year-old wild child, much to the dismay of her separated parents.
Her only interest lies within photography, and she hopes that she can one day move to New York to study and escape her complicated life.
One night, Jackie is thrown in jail after crashing her car while drag racing with some other teenagers.
Finally fed up of Jackie's reckless antics, her father sends her off to spend time with her mother (Lorna Tolentino) on a medical mission camp in Tarlac.
Both her parents are hopeful that the experience will straighten her out.
Jackie however, has no intention of following through with orders and tries to sneak out of the house, only to be stopped by her older brother who was sent by their mother to collect her.
During the car trip, Jackie points out that she never got over the fact that her mother didn't take her with her when she left her father.
Jackie convinces her brother to stop for a bathroom break at a marketplace where she attempts to escape yet again.
Here she meets the lively Kiko (Daniel Padilla), who helps her retrieve her mobile phone from a thief.
She offers to pay Kiko to take her to the nearest bus terminal so she can head back to Manila, however is shocked when he takes her to a hotel where her mother is waiting for her.
It is revealed that Kiko knew who Jackie was all along and is one of the coordinators for the volunteer medical mission.
He had been assigned by both Jackie's mother and the mayor of the town (who is also his father), to act as Jackie's escort and guide on the trip.
While at the hotel, in one last bid to escape, Jackie manages to trick Kiko and proceeds to take his car.
It is only when she's driving for some time that she discovers Kiko's younger brother is in the car.
She drops him off intending to leave him, however guilt gets the better of her and she stays with him until Kiko finds them and takes them back.
Later on, Kiko is seen bailing his carefree mother out of jail.
At the mayor's house, Kiko tells Jackie that while the mayor is his father he does not live there as he has a different family.
He however, lives with his mother and three younger siblings, acting as head of the family.
It is here also that Jackie becomes acquainted with Marcus (Inigo Pascual), Kiko's brother, via video call.
Marcus, currently studying abroad, had first noticed Jackie after seeing her in Manila while she was drag racing, and has been infatuated with her ever since.
Back at the hotel, Jackie's mother makes a deal with her that if she completes the full period of the medical mission, she will fund Jackie's studies in New York and give her the freedom she desperately seeks.
The next day, Kiko takes Jackie to the medical mission in a remote mountain community where she initially finds it difficult to adjust to the conditions.
After her mother arrives at the medical mission, Jackie becomes visibly upset after seeing her being openly affectionate with the children she is treating.
Jackie runs off, and her mother follows after which she demands to know the reason why she was the one left behind.
Her mother reveals that she made multiple attempts to take Jackie with her, however her father prevented any previous contact.
Jackie voices her struggle with growing up without her mother and expresses her inability to forgive her.
She walks off, determined to finally leave once and for all, only to be followed by Kiko.
Kiko scolds Jackie for her constant wallowing in self-pity when others are suffering too.
Kiko then receives an frantic call from his younger brother that his sister is bleeding for an unknown reason.
Jackie drives Kiko back and helps out his sister, after learning that she had just gotten her period.
Kiko thanks Jackie for her help and takes her to the bus terminal, however she has a change of heart and goes back to the medical mission to fulfil her deal for her New York plans.
Jackie begins to put more effort into the mission and becomes closer to the people of the community.
She also manages to patch things up with her mother and soon, she and Kiko find themselves falling in love.
Marcus returns from theS early and visits the medical mission.
He and Kiko end up competing for Jackie's affection, and Kiko decides to give Jackie up out of love for his brother.
Jackie directly and firmly rejects Marcus' advances, because she is in love with Kiko.
Hurt that Kiko would give her up so easily, she confronts him for not fighting for love and leaves for Manila.
Meanwhile, Marcus confronts Kiko for always being the better of the two of them and a fight ensues, broken up by their father and his wife.
Kiko finally talks to his father and asks him to fight for him too, because he is also his son.
Heartbroken, Jackie and Kiko have both gone their separate ways.
The mayor finally decides to establish more of a father-son relationship with Kiko, while Jackie has decided not to go to New York but to help her mother in her charitable works.
Marcus and Kiko reconcile and they go to Manila to find Jackie again.
Kiko calls Jackie and manages to find her in Manila.
He admits his feelings for her and the two become a couple.
The movie ends in a romantic shot of Jackie and Kiko happily.
Nena, a journalist and ex-student of a dance academy, tries to prevent her former school from being sold to a group of drug dealers.
She trains a group to win a dance contest, the 'Requebra 2000', that would give them the necessary money to carry their plans.
After a brilliant career abroad, a top international model called Nicky back to Brazil to find her prince charming, she met through a chat on the Internet.
In the country, it becomes a successful fashion entrepreneur, but your competitor does everything to hinder the girl.
In Rio Grande do Sul, cattle theft and criminal burning torment the farmers until the Gaúcho Negro appears, a masked knight, a mixture of legend and vigilante.
The zoo janitor Duda and Kiko and Zeca friends form a group of animal protection.
Therefore, they are called by the mystical Noah for a rescue mission of the Pantanal fauna and flora.
The area is threatened with extinction due to exploitation of Morel skin smugglers and his foreman Juarez.
They accept the mission and on the way are the archaeologist Marcos and Carla photographer in search of a pyramid left in place by the Phoenician civilization.
Together, the bad guys win and in the end, Duda is invited by Noah to join a group of special people who will populate a new world.
The story takes place on another planet, in full outer space.
In the right arm of the Milky Way there is a planet called Antar, the terrible Ratan decides to conquer it alone.
For this, it makes use of all the military power of the kingdom, destroying it almost completely.
Kira is a special botanist, who can talk with plants and has the gift of predicting the future.
Her best friend is Nanda, a little girl who lives in a beautiful home in Tijuca Forest, about to be evicted because the father is unemployed.
The girl's father, cornered, sells the house to two unscrupulous entrepreneurs who want to build there a polluting industry.
One day, Kira and Nanda help save an elf found in her room and their lives changes direction.
Caroline is a young woman who dreams of finding her prince charming.
Along with Lucas and Julia, she goes through a portal to the magical world of fairy tales.
She and her two children, children of her cousin, will stop in the enchanted forest and faced with different tales of popular imagination.
The first character in which bump is Little Red Riding Hood.
Knowing the danger that the girl runs with the wolf-bad, the three try to help her and interferes with the story of course.
As Red Riding Hood, many tales have their stories changed with the arrival of new visitors, looking for a way out of the book and return home.
Pinocchio, Hansel and Gretel, Snow White.
All have their narratives modified significantly.
What our heroes are unaware of is that its entry in the book was not an accident and that changes in the stories are actually part of a ruthless pirate Bluebeard's plan to conquer the world of tales.
Bluebeard count on the help of other pirates and monsters Grove of Darkness.
Apart from all these enemies, the group will suffer from the threats of evil stepmother who manipulated by the pirate and corrupted by envy you feel the beauty of Caroline, will put her to sleep a deep sleep.
Two identical twins were separated when they were babies, as one of them came crawling father's luxury car and accidentally entered the trailer of a troupe of artists.
Thirty years later Elisabeth (Xuxa) is the president's father graphic empire, while her twin sister, Mel (Xuxa), runs a school of performing arts in a poor community.
Their lives intersect when Elisabeth cuts the sponsorship of the company to school of Mel, which causes it to go to the company to complain.
The orphanage st Jude, directed by Irmã Maria, financial difficulties that can take you to lock and utter helplessness to their children.
Irmã Maria, watching a cartoon, has the great idea that can save the institution: use the Trapalhões - unconditional friends of children - and ask them to do a show to raise funds to save their children.
Didi, Dede, Mussum and Zacarias perform a special show attracting a large audience.
The audience vibrates with the mess and play Quartet.
But unfortunately the show attracted not only good people, but also a gang of evil bandits trying to steal the money raised from the show.
Irmã Maria inadvertently realize what is happening, try to react, but the bad guys, the stronger the hold.
Theater background, Didi see the confusion and tries in vain to help the novice.
After fights, the bad guys can get away with the bag of money, leaving Didi and Sister Maria fainted.
Dede, missing Didi on stage, get out your search and find the two desacordados.
Didi, Dede and the novice out an incredible and tumultuous pursuit of the bandits in the hope of recovering the stolen money.
On the way, Didi faces thousand adventures and confusion, and even a wizard attempts to disrupt.
Realizing they are being followed, the bandits enter the Beto Carrero Rodeo to lose them.
Dress up cowboys and try to escape Didi, scene making huge success with the turning of the public.
In this confusion, Beto Carrero recognizes Didi and goes to her aid, chasing the bandits, and in an act of adventure and action, Didi retrieves the bag with the money and all come back to the theater.
Meanwhile, oblivious to all the confusion faced by his companions, Mussum and Zechariah follow with the show.
Come Didi, Dede and Sister Maria followed by bandits performing many fights.
When all seems lost, the Trapalhões are saved by a mysterious weapon.
Many applause, captured bandits.
Sister Maria explains to the audience what really happened throughout the show.
In this moment of complete joy, Didi realize you're with the wrong bag, no money.
But sadness is short-lived, and a great surprise is reserved for the end.
A dystopian love story in a Texas wasteland and set in a community of cannibals.
OnE.
Day in 1945, as peace is declared across Europe and London is celebrating, Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret are allowed to join the celebrations, against the Queen's wishes.
The King, impressed by Elizabeth's pleading, asks her to report back on the people's feelings towards him and his midnight speech on the radio.
Each girl, incognito, is given a chaperone of an army officer, and an itinerary to be back at Buckingham Palace by 1am.
Soon realising the planned itinerary by the Queen does not live up to their expectations of fun and meeting the ordinary people, Margaret is the first to slip away from her escort, followed by Elizabeth.
The Princesses are separated on two different buses, and Margaret is befriended by a naval officer seeking to take advantage of what he believes is just an ordinary girl, and Elizabeth by an airman who is absent without leave.
Margaret is led by her naval officer into a world of nightclubs, gambling, spiked drinks and brothels.
Elizabeth and her airman have their own adventures trying to catch up with Margaret, which take them far beyond the 1am deadline into the early hours of the following morning.
In Hawaii, Consuelo Cordoba (Lupe Velez) is a risque nightclub act and due to her involvement with a group of sailors becomes a beauty queen.
Famous princesses of books and classic films such as Snow White, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, Rapunzel and Belle are convened when Little Red Riding Hood announced the disappearance of princess Feiurinha.
To save the kingdom in which they live, they decide to embark on a journey to find Feiurinha.
Alice (Dakota Johnson) temporarily dumps her college boyfriend Josh (Nicholas Braun) and moves to New York City to be a paralegal.
She moves in with her sister, Meg (Leslie Mann), an OB/GYN who refuses to have a baby or any form of relationship.
Alice befriends wild co-worker Robin (Rebel Wilson), who enjoys partying and one-night stands, and local bartender Tom (Anders Holm), who willfully embraces the bachelor lifestyle and hooks up with various women including Alice.
Tom meets Lucy (Alison Brie) at his bar when she uses his Internet for free.
She explains she is looking for "The One" using various dating sites.
Alice meets with Josh to tell him she is finished with their break and ready to get back together.
Josh explains that they cannot because he is seeing someone else and rejects her bluntly, which distresses Alice.
Meanwhile, Meg has a change of heart and decides to have a child via sperm donor.
Shortly after learning she is pregnant, Meg unexpectedly hooks up with a younger man, Ken (Jake Lacy), after meeting him at Alice's office Christmas Party.
Ken who is the law office receptionist, is smitten with her.
She repeatedly tries to break it off, but he continues to cutely pursue her.
Thinking Ken is too young for her to have a future with, she hides the pregnancy from him.
Back at Tom's bar, Lucy has a string of bad dates.
Tom witnesses this and realizes he has feelings for Lucy.
As her sister kindles her own relationship, Alice continues to pine after Josh.
In an attempt to put herself out there, she attends a Wesleyan alumni networking event, where she hits it off with a man named David (Damon Wayans, Jr).
Lucy, having been in a relationship for three weeks with a man named Paul, goes to Grand Central Station to send him off to the train.
Paul reveals that he has been seeing other people, thinking she was doing the same, and breaks up with her.
Lucy, extremely agitated, breaks down at her volunteer job reading stories to children.
George (Jason Mantzoukas), who works at the bookstore, soothes her and the two begin a relationship.
Alice and Robin attend Josh's winter holiday party, however Alice finds she cannot watch Josh with his new girlfriend.
Walking alone, she runs into David, who shows her a private view of the Rockefeller Christmas tree.
Dazzled, Alice thanks him and they begin a relationship.
Three months later, as she is singing, "Can't Take My Eyes Off You", with David's daughter, Phoebe, David becomes upset with Alice, reminding her sternly that she's not Phoebe's mother; as it's revealed that David's wife died two years ago and he has not told Phoebe about it, believing that his daughter is not ready to know, which causes the two to break up.
On st Patrick's Day, Alice bumps into Josh and his parents, and he appears pleasantly surprised to see her.
Lucy comes to Tom's bar and shows him the swanky outfit she got for herself to share with George, whom she introduces to Tom.
Tom becomes visibly upset, and he invites Alice to get drunk.
The two talk about their frustrations with their feelings for Josh and Lucy, and end up sleeping together in an attempt to distract themselves.
Meanwhile, Ken discovers Meg is pregnant, but is eager to help raise her child.
Meg, concerned to believe that he is not truly committed, ends the relationship, with Ken walking away.
Later, at Alice's birthday party, Robin has invited Tom, David, and Josh without Alice's knowledge, only because she thought it would be funny.
Shaken by the presence of all three men, Alice argues with Robin.
Tom goes to confess his feelings to Lucy, who announces she is engaged to George.
Then George threatens Tom to stay away from Lucy.
Now sitting on the fire escape, Alice is joined by Josh.
The two make out passionately, but stop when Alice is horrified to learn that Josh is now engaged and was simply looking for closure.
Invigorated by a desire to find herself, Alice leaves to go home.
Her cab hits Robin, who has purposely jumped on the windshield to get a cab for Meg, who is in labor.
Alice and Meg rush to the hospital, where Meg successfully delivers a baby girl, naming her Natalie.
Ken appears and convinces her to re-enter the relationship, while Alice repairs her relationship with Robin, who is revealed to be heavily wealthy, living in an entire floor apartment.
The film closes as Alice reflects on her time living alone and being single.
Tom is seen repairing his tap water plumbing, which he had purposely cut in an attempt to prevent hungover women from hanging around his apartment.
Meg and Ken are playing with Natalie, and Robin carries on partying.
Lucy has finally settled down with George.
David finally tells his daughter the truth about her mother's death.
And finally, Alice is seen hiking the Grand Canyon by herself so that she can witness the sunrise on New Year's Day, a dream she always had.
Pong (Coco Martin) is an executive assistant in an airline company where Georgina Lorenzana (Toni Gonzaga) works as an assistant vice president for marketing affairs.
Georgina is an extremely driven, smart, but bossy alpha female who will do everything to close a very important deal with foreign investors.
One is a Japanese client named mr Najimoto.
Their big boss, Chief Commercial Officer Albert, who is also the president, assigns this deal to Georgina and asks Pong to assist her while he is away for a sabbatical.
During their meeting for this deal, mr Najimoto and his partner reveal that they wouldn't negotiate with anyone in the airline company and substitutes such as Georgina except for the president and Chief Commercial Officer.
Left with no other choice, Georgina declares that Pong is the president Chief Commercial Officer out of panic.
From that moment on, the two of them are tied into a pretense.
Jenny Swanson (Blondell) is a waitress in a small college town whose dream is to go to Paris by any means necessary.
She confides her plan for a little gold-digging and blackmail to Ronald "Ronnie" Brooke (Douglas), a professor on exchange from England.
Brooke tries to dissuade her, telling her that "good girls go to Paris, too".
Her first attempt ends badly.
Although she attracts rich Ted Dayton Jr, his father refuses to pay her off, insisting she back up her claim that she has a written marriage proposal.
When she does not produce it, the father threatens her with the police, unless she agrees to leave town and never come back.
She tells Brooke she had the letter in her purse, but at the last moment, could not bring herself to take it out.
Brooke advises her to go home, then reveals that he is getting married in New York City and returning to England.
Jenny starts to buy a ticket home, but then decides to go to New York instead.
At the train station, she runs into Brooke and his fiancée's brother, Tom Brand (Alan Curtis).
She and Tom become acquainted on the train.
He likes her very much, even after she tells him all about her blackmail attempt.
In New York City, he takes her to nightclub after nightclub.
At one, she encounters Tom's mother Caroline, out with her boyfriend Paul Kingston.
At another, she spots Sylvia Brand (Joan Perry), Brooke's fiancée, dancing with medical student Dennis Jeffers, whom Sylvia has known since childhood.
Jenny eavesdrops and learns that Sylvia is in love with Dennis, but fears being disinherited by her very wealthy grandfather Olaf if they married (Dennis is the son of the family butler).
She also discovers that Tom owes $5000 in gambling debts to mr Schultz.
After Jenny brings a drunk Tom home very late at night, she encounters Caroline sneaking in.
They wake up an irritable, ailing Olaf, so Caroline introduces her as Sylvia's friend from college.
Jenny prescribes traditional Swedish remedies, which soon make Olaf much pleasanter.
When Brooke shows up the next morning, he is flabbergasted to find she is a houseguest.
and one of Sylvia's bridesmaids.
She soon becomes a great favorite of Olaf's.
He would be very pleased to have Tom marry her.
Crises abound.
First, Schultz comes for his money.
Jenny keeps him from seeing Olaf, who knows nothing about Tom's debt, and promises to pay him tomorrow.
Next, Dennis injures a man while driving; Sylvia is a passenger and gives her name as Jenny Swanson to avoid scandal.
She asks Jenny to play along, so Jenny demands $5000 to do it.
That takes care of Tom's IOUs.
When she learns that Paul and Caroline plan to elope, Jenny arranges it so that Caroline learns the truth: that Paul is only after her wealth.
Then, Olaf announces Tom and Jenny's engagement at his party.
Finally, an attorney representing the injured man barges in to speak to Olaf, followed a little later by the Daytons, who have their own quarrel with Olaf.
Olaf gathers his family together to figure out what is going on.
Eventually, everything is straightened out: Caroline gets Dennis, and Brooke gets Jenny.
Toula Portokalos-Miller's (Nia Vardalos) life is in shambles.
Her travel agency and the family dry cleaners are closed due to the recession, and the only business still open is the restaurant that Gus (Michael Constantine), her father, owns.
Her husband Ian (John Corbett), is now the principal at the school their daughter Paris (Elena Kampouris) attends, and Paris is preparing to leave for college.
Paris feels smothered by her close-knit clan's obsessive love and lack of regard for her privacy, and Gus's constantly trying to find a Greek boyfriend for her.
Desperate for independence and eager to escape her relatives who are always there, she applies to distant schools across the country.
Ian and Toula find their marriage strained because Toula has the same obsessive drive to "fix" whatever goes wrong in her family, due to her daughter treating her like she no longer needs her and her family constantly asking Toula to do it, causing her and Ian to find little time for each other.
Meanwhile, Gus has ridiculously convinced himself that he is a direct descendant of Alexander the Great and wants an online ancestry site to confirm this.
While sorting through his paper records, he discovers that his wedding certificate was never signed by the priest who married him and Maria (Lainie Kazan) fifty years before.
He is frustrated when his current priest refuses to just sign the paper, but is willing to renew their vows so their marriage can be "legal".
Maria scoffs at Gus' insistence that they must marry again after fifty years together, but agrees to do it if Gus proposes to her properly.
Gus refuses.
Meanwhile, Toula tries to go on a date with Ian to try to rekindle their romance, but are unsuccessfully caught kissing in their car in the street by their family.
Later on, Gus slips in the bath tub due to his bad hip; Toula calls an ambulance fro Gus.
When he needs to go to the hospital Maria refuses to go with him because she isn't his wife, and he makes a public plea for her to marry him again.
This time she agrees.
Maria wants the wedding she never had.
She hires a wedding planner who quits when the rowdy family's choices and schemes get too wild for her.
The whole family, including Ian's parents, Rodney and Harriet (Bruce Gray and Fiona Reid), and Angelo's business partner, Patrick, pitches in to make it happen.
Nick and Toula eventually realize that Patrick is also Angelo's romantic partner, and welcome him into the family.
Gus' brother, Panos (Mark Margolis), flies over from Greece for the ceremony as a surprise   Paris has been accepted by Northwestern University in Chicago and NYU in New York City.
She begins to understand the intense love her mother has for her, and leans toward Northwestern.
She changes her mind after sharing a moment with her great-grandmother (Bess Meisler) and realizing she really wants to go to New York.
She asks Bennett (Alex Wolff), a boy she has watched from afar and has crush on, to the prom, and he turns out to be Greek and has an equally crazy Greek family of his own.
Prom is the same night as the wedding.
Toula decides for Paris to go prom and promises to attend the reception later.
On the way to the church, Gus, Panos, and Taki (Gerry Mendicino) drink shots of ouzo and by the time they make it there, the three men are already drunk and stand giggling before the altar.
Maria is escorted down the aisle but storms off to the vestry after seeing the drunken Gus, believing that he is not taking this wedding seriously.
Panos tells Maria that the reason why Gus invited him to the wedding was because he confided to him as evidence of his love and need for her, and the ceremony takes place as planned.
Ian and Toula watch Gus and Maria recite their vows, while Paris and Bennett slow-dance at the prom and share their first kiss.
At the wedding reception, Gus receives a note from the ancestry site verifying that he is indeed a descendant of Alexander the Great.
Ian then realizes and tells Toula that she forged it to make her father happy.
The movie ends with the entire family dropping Paris off at her new college dorm in New York.
A young woman wishes to get her boyfriend to commit to her, yet the most she can manage to do is get him to exchange apartment keys.
Anthony (Padilla) and Ian (Hecox) are best friends and live in a small house, with Ian's parents.
After going to the Game Bang game center, in which they were bullied by some street kids, due to Anthony's dumb pizza car, they find a video of Anthony reciting the Magic Pocket Slave Monsters theme (an obvious parody of the Pokémon theme song and reference to Smosh's deleted video [their first video]) at their high school graduation.
In the video, Anthony attempts to impress his crush, Anna Reed (Nelson), by trying to do a backflip, but he fails, landing on his face, and the microphone lands in his anus.
They both decide to pull down the video before it blows Anthony's chances of reconnecting with his crush.
They travel to the YouTube headquarters, where they meet a receptionist named Stephanie (Helbig) who introduces them to the President of the company, Steve YouTube (Michael Ian Black).
Steve explains that the only way to fix the video is by literally going inside YouTube through a portal, and changing the video from the inside.
Anthony decides that it is important enough to go through with it, so Ian accompanies him in traveling through YouTube.
Steve provides Smosh with two electronic phones equipped with an artificial intelligence named Diri (a parody of Siri, voiced by Kimmy Gatewood), and then shows them the portal that is behind his closet door, after a wiener joke that the duo see coming.
Upon their entrance into YouTube they are taken into an ad, in which Diri skips due to Ian's irritation.
After tumbling through a series of YouTube videos, they eventually end up in a Jenna Marbles (herself) vlog.
Jenna informs them that once their Diri phones run out of battery, they will be permanently stuck in YouTube, just like her; they find out there are two Jennas.
They decide to split up, but Ian immediately abandons the mission and travels to his YouTube crush video, "Butt Massage Girl" (Brittany Ross), while Anthony escapes a furry party, gets advice from Steve Austin (himself), and finds out that Anna really likes him too.
Diri takes Anthony to the Butt Massage Girl video that Ian is getting a massage in.
Anthony tells Ian that his and Butt Massage Girl's love is fake and that it's only a video.
The duo then finally make it to the embarrassing video of Anthony.
Anthony figures out that Ian was the one who recorded and uploaded the video.
They both engage in a fight that lasts through three YouTube videos, ending with them returning to the start.
Ian decides to make it up to Anthony by beating up his past self.
Anthony then goes to help him, but past Ian interferes and attacks Anthony, while Ian is trying to knock out past Anthony.
In the process, the other students also start to fight one another.
During the battle, Diri reveals itself to be Steve YouTube, who tells them that sending the two into YouTube was part of his evil scheme to keep them in YouTube forever.
Frightened, they race to escape YouTube via their video history, but Steve puts up several unsuccessful obstacles on their way, as they make it to the portal only for Steve YouTube to be there waiting for them.
But a bear appears and attacks Steve, allowing Smosh to escape YouTube.
Returning to the real world, Anthony and Ian discover that, due to their changes to Anthony's embarrassing video, they have become famous, turning the video into the "Clone Fight" video; in which they met the President of the United States, created a movie, a TV show, and more.
Through this, Ian is dating Butt Massage Girl, Ian's parents live with them, Anthony has several girlfriends (who he immediately gets rid of because he only wants Anna), they live in a much bigger and better house, and Steve "You-too-bay" is now a pizza delivery man.
Butt Massage Girl accompanies them as they go to their reunion.
As they arrive to their reunion, they discover they are the most famous ones there.
Anthony seeks out Anna and finds her, only to figure out she doesn't like the "new him" as she liked his old high school self, to Anthony's shock.
He decides that the only way to win her affection is to perform the Magic Pocket Slave Monsters theme he originally performed and failed at their high school dance, again.
Anthony attempts the flip, and this time succeeds as Ian joins him in performing the song, with Anthony winning Anna's affection, and they both share a kiss.
As Butt Massage Girl meets Anna, she reveals her real name to be Brad, much to Ian's surprise.
In a post-credits scene, Ian marries Brad with Anthony crying in the background.
A small radio station is saved of getting bankrupt by a backer, who invests money for a TV equipment, if the owner allows, that his dancing daughter Annabelle can dance and sing on the screen, but due to her voice, her singing had to be dubbed by the owner's girl friend Pat AbbottBut problems start, when the owner starts dating Annabelle.
Álex (Dani Rovira) and Eva (María Valverde) are a happy couple who, after years of relationship, have decided to marry in the English countryside village (Castle Combe) where they met each other.
However, an unexpected problem occurs: a strike of air traffic controllers prevent Álex and his guests arrive to where Eva is.
Klara and Jorg, MD, arrive in Paris for a weekend vacation, but soon split apart.
The girl wants to stay in Paris and get a job as domestic worker to take care of mrs Jeanne, mother of Philippe, who inherited the family heirloom.
Between Klara and Philippe there's an immediate understanding, but Philippe is in a relationship with Zoe, who is possessive of him.
The film ends with Philippe and Klara at the airport, taking the same flight, addressed by chance by his mother and Günter, her first love.
Naomi and Ely have been best friends and neighbours in the same apartment building for years.
Ely is gay, often having casual hook-ups with other guys while Naomi is straight and has recently begun dating "Bruce 2", although she has always been secretly in love with Ely.
Naomi and Ely have a "No Kiss List" where every guy on the list is forbidden to them both.
In the beginning of the film, they add Gabriel, their young and handsome doorman, to the list.
Everything is going well until Ely starts disappearing when Naomi needs him.
She has been struggling to help her mother recover from her father leaving after having an affair with one of Ely's mothers.
Furthermore, Naomi hasn't accepted that Ely is gay because she had always fantasized him falling in love with and marrying her one day.
The hopelessness of this dream makes her lash out at Ely's promiscuity to which he claims is just her sexual frustration projecting as she is still a virgin.
One night, Naomi brings Ely along on a date with Bruce 2.
After a fun night out, Naomi wants to go home but Ely decides to stay behind and pushes her to go home with Bruce to have sex, which she reluctantly agrees.
They awkwardly make out in Bruce's dorm room until a friend accidentally interrupts them.
A few days later, Ely discovers Bruce 2 waiting for Naomi in the hallway and offers him a drink while waiting as she probably forgot about their rendezvous.
In Ely's bedroom, Bruce discovers his X-Men comics and the two start bonding.
In a moment of passion, they kiss but Ely immediately regrets it and apologises.
The next day, Naomi and Ely go shopping for their Halloween costumes.
Ely confesses the kiss but Naomi brushes it off.
She then discovers a mixtape in her mail from an admirer.
While the two get ready for a Halloween party, Bruce 2 visits Ely, admitting he enjoyed their kiss and wants to pursue further.
Naomi arrives and Ely asks Bruce to hide in the closet while he hastens her out.
He then goes back claiming he "forgot" something to tell Bruce to wait for him.
Bruce agrees and gives him Orbit gum, to add to the alibi that he forgot something.
Naomi remembers that Bruce 2 chews sugar free gum and Ely doesn't.
She then figures out that Bruce 2 is in Ely's apartment and their kiss wasn't just a kiss.
This results in a feud between the two.
She confides in her collegemate, Robin, admitting she is more upset about Ely's betrayal than Bruce's.
She then creates a list of things and places for Ely to avoid in order for them to stay away from each other.
Ely breaks one of her requests which results in another messy dispute.
Naomi realizes that her dream to be with Ely will never come true.
During their time apart, Naomi becomes closer with Robin and discovers that the mixtape was from Gabriel who reveals that he's always had a crush on her.
The two slowly start a relationship and Naomi applies for a job to help her mother.
She also convinces her mother to let go of her past and her father just as she is willing to let go of Ely.
Ely realizes the situation they're in is similar to Naomi's parents and feels guilty.
Naomi admits that although her life is better, she still misses her best friend and reaches out to him.
The two reconcile and Naomi finally accepts his sexuality.
Ely on the other hand, has finally found love and is settling down with Bruce 2.
The film ends with Naomi stating that relationships and friendships are different kinds of love but is still love and therefore, can have the same effects and everyone can have more than one special person in their life.
Mr.
and mrs Burton are staying at the residence of their friends the Moores.
The Moores leave to visit mrs Mooore's mother, and leave a key for the Burtons, who are going out to a dance.
mrs Burton forgets to take the key with her, and upon their return to the Moore residence, find that they are unable to gain entry, nor are they able to rouse the slumberous maid Bridget.
They attempt to enter the house through the cellar, but the door to the kitchen is locked.
Further attempts to rouse the maid are futile.
They attempt to go to a hotel, but are not admitted.
The Burtons end up hiring a taxicab and spending the night in the car, as it is too frigid to walk around outdoors.
When the Moore's cook arrives at the house the next morning, she finds the Burtons asleep in the taxi, and believes them to be deceased.
Her screams awake the Burtons, and they are finally admitted to the inside of the residence, but not before paying the taxi driver $17.
Barbara Blanchard, the daughter of rags-to-riches divorced oilman Jim Blanchard, is going to marry Count Michael Montaine.
When Jim receives a telegram from the count insisting upon a settlement of $500,000 before the marriage, he sends word of this to Barbara.
However, the radiogram reaches her just after the wedding has taken place.
Furious, she drives off.
Her mother Vera is determined to avoid public humiliation and to see her matchmaking scheme completed.
Vera has her daughter declared mentally unbalanced and swears out a warrant for her arrest.
When Barbara learns of this from the radio, she has her hairdresser Mabel dye her hair blonde.
She also switches clothes with her.
Barbara sets out for Los Angeles to meet her father's yacht.
(However, Vera sends a wireless message to Jim, telling him the couple have reconciled.
He believes her and heads to Acapulco instead)  When police chase her for speeding, she abandons her car.
After numerous attempts at hitchhiking fail, she pretends to faint.
Bob and his friends the Dooleys both stop.
Midge Dooley tells Bob to give her a lift, but he has had a bad experience with a blonde, plus he risks losing his job (driving a new car to California for Willoughby Sproggs as part of a four-car caravan).
When she conveniently faints again, Bob gives in, but only until they reach the next town.
She claims she is on the run because when she cashed her check from a walkathon she won, it turned out there was no money.
At the next town, he loans her $10 and sends her on her way.
She tries to send a telegram to her father collect, but cannot because she would have to show some ID.
She sneaks back into Bob's car undetected.
On the way to Omaha, when Bob tries to get rid of her, Sproggs finds out about the unauthorized passenger.
Barbara claims to be Bob's wife, and Midge backs her up, so Bob is forced to take her along.
When they stop for the night, Bob will not let her share his room.
Roy, another one of Sproggs' drivers, tries to pick her up, but Bob knocks him down.
She goes to sleep in the car.
There she finds a necklace hidden away, which leads her to assume Bob is a thief.
Meanwhile, Midge reads a newspaper article about a "blonde gun-moll" wanted in connection with a diamond robbery and thinks Barbara is her.
Midge tells Bob.
Eventually, it is all sorted out.
Roy turns out to be the jewel thief, Barbara's father will get her marriage annulled, and the couple embrace.
Jim Murdock's marriage is in trouble after he neglects his wife, particularly her attraction to golf.
With tips from Irish caddy Tommy Milligan on how to play the game on the course and at home, Jim challenges his estranged wife to a match and demonstrates that he's a changed man.
Wendy (Jennylyn Mercado) is a woman who goes to the United States to meet her biological father.
On board the plane, she meets Sean (Sam Milby).
Wendy and Sean initially have a cat-dog relationship but they eventually warm up to each other.
When her biological father fails to accommodate her, Sean invites Wendy to stay in his apartment.
They fall in love with each other and decide to get married.
However, when they return to the Philippines, they become frustrated when their families don't get along.
The rich guy's parents (Jaclyn Jose and Freddie Webb) insist that Wendy sign a prenuptial agreement.
Their lives become even more complicated when Wendy's parents (Dominic Ochoa and Gardo Versoza) add their own clauses to the prenup.
The plot follows multiple intersecting stories.
Nick Young, the heir apparent of an extremely wealthy old-money Singapore family living in New York City and working as a professor goes home for the first time in years to attend his best friend's wedding.
He decides to bring his girlfriend with him, Rachel Chu, who has no idea about the enormity of his wealth, and who is unprepared for immersion in an overwhelming world of wealth that doesn't welcome her.
Astrid Leong, Nick's cousin, the subject of Singapore society coverage, also known as "The Goddess", seems to have it all: good breeding, astonishing beauty, massive wealth, great fashion sense, complete with a couture collection that rivals the Sheika of Qatar's, and an attractive ex-army husband.
Astrid discovers disturbing signs of a possible secret mistress as she comes to understand her husband's insecurity about his own success compared to her vast wealth.
Eddie Cheng, Nick and Astrid's cousin, wants to impress everyone with his family and his lifestyle, but things don't go his way.
His wife and children disagree with and suffer from Eddie's obsession with his appearance, his wealthy yet cheap parents, and his brother who dates a gold-digging soap opera star claiming to come from a good family.
Lee Joyce tells her lover, Howard LeMoyne, that she is actually in love with another man, Kendall James.
As soon as her breakup happens, Lee's younger sister Betty turns up and Kendall becomes infatuated with her instead.
In anger, Lee shatters her sister's romance by revealing her previous affair with Kendall, after which Lee tries to return to Howard.
John Jarratt stars as Jack, who is pushed past the brink of his stalking obsession over Emily (Kaarin Fairfax) when he breaks into her house to take what he wants by force.
However, his plans backfire when he wakes up to find himself tied to a chair in her kitchen.
For a full night, Jack and Emily engage in a twisted and thrilling courtship of the sexes that leads one to wonder which one of them will survive the night.
Matthew Taylor (Shemar Moore), a father, author, and relationship expert is on a book tour promoting his new best-selling book, The Bounce Back.
He has everything figured out until he meets the acerbic Kristin Peralta (Nadine Velazquez), a talk show circuit therapist who is convinced that he is nothing but a charlatan.
Matthew's life is turned upside down when he inadvertently falls for Kristin and has to face the painful truth of his past relationship.
Dirty Singles is a feature-length comedy-drama about a community of friends a few years after university.
It’s about that time in your life when you’re in your first real job and your first real adult relationship—the one you think might just last forever.
In this clique of friends, Jack-and-Megan, the perfect couple—perfect house, perfect jobs, perfect hair—turn out to be not so perfect.
This revelation sends a shock through their little world, and soon the ‘break-up virus,’ and its after-effect, the ‘inappropriate hook up virus,’ make their way through the rest of the characters.
But somewhere in this year of living ridiculously, playing grown-up must become being grown-up—and the same-old, same-old you thought would last forever proves to be as fleeting as the pop songs of three years ago.
Dirty Singles is a naturalistic coming-of-age movie about twenty-somethings generally—and specifically it’s about young adults who happen to live in and around Parkdale in Toronto as they take their first faltering, glorious steps toward maturity.
Lupo falls in love with an Italian woman who rejects him, insisting that she will only marry a great opera singer.
Lupo travels to Italy in hopes of learning how to sing opera music.
The film is a romantic comedy, focusing on the love triangle between Bob Jones, Alysia Potter and Polly Meachum.
Originally engaged, Bob and Alysia elope to Bowling Green, Connecticut, where they meet Silas Meachum, a campaigner against motion pictures, and his daughter, Polly.
The eloping couple’s family arrive, chasing them, and persuade them to wait to get married.
Polly goes to New York to join the Ziegfeld Follies, but is ultimately replaced by Alysia.
As Bob consoles Polly, Alysia breaks off the engagement, and Bob and Polly may now marry.
Jake del Mundo (Gerald Anderson) is a handsome boy who comes from a privileged background.
After years of being a carefree bachelor, he thinks he is now ready to settle down.
On the night that he proposes to his long-time girlfriend, Tracy, she finally had enough of Jake and dumped him for another man.
At the same time, Kristina "Tintin" Paraiso (Arci Muñoz) a make-up artist, idealistically dreams of a near "perfect" relationship and believes that the guy she's going out with is about to ask her to marry him.
Fate turns differently when the guy didn't arrive to meet her in the restaurant and finds out on Facebook that he has already committed himself to another girl.
After knowing the truth, she shares her heartbreak on social media in a video that immediately went viral.
After six months of recovering from their failed relationships, the two found themselves in a beach resort that Jake owns.
Coincidentally, Tintin was there to work on an out of town job as a make up artist with her co make-up artists Esang (Cacai Bautista), ms Andrè (Ricci Chan) and some friends.
When the two crossed paths, they end up spending one entire night drinking and talking about their personal lives until dawn.
Before they part, they exchanged numbers and agreed to meet in Manila.
Hopeless romantic Jake gets intrigued by the jaded and outspoken Tintin.
After discovering they are stuck on the same situation, the two end up spending more and more time together bringing the best out of each other.
On a night out at a bar, they both agreed to be each other’s confidant to help find someone better than their exes.
What happens next is a realistic and simple love story that almost everyone can relate to.
London jazz pianist and aspiring composer Rupert Street (Dudley Moore) is looking to have a 30th birthday to remember, marriage on the big day, but lacks a bride, and in the six weeks that remain, he has set himself the no less formidable additional target of writing a musical, all through fear of reaching that grand age having achieved nothing in life.
Luck comes Rupert's way in the form of the gorgeous but taken Louise (Suzy Kendall), a fellow boarder, whose attentions he pursues with all his goofy and inept might and main.
The inevitable bust-up with competing suitor Paul leaves Rupert with right arm in plaster and unable to play.
Seeing the need of freedom from distraction, Rupert departs for Dublin.
Industry and inspiration abound and Rupert returns to London triumphant having met his deadline.
Odds of achieving the other half of his plan look remote, though, as Louise has left for Birmingham with the persistent Paul and Rupert must go in pursuit if he is to be married in the few days remaining till his birthday.
Meanwhile, pressures from the production's major investor on Rupert's agent to lock up his creative work in a contract amendment send private eye Greenslade to Birmingham to hunt down the hunter.
Reunited by Greenslade on Rupert's birthday, the couple rush back to London for the opening, via the marriage registry, that is.
Struggling young actress Jenny (Marjorie Browne) joins her dad (Mark Daly) when he moves into Aunt Hetty's (Elsie Wagstaff) boarding house.
Aunt Hetty overworks them, but Jenny is lucky enough to find love in the form of aspiring songwriter Tom (Hal Thompson).
But their romance is threatened and nearly destroyed by the jealous star actress of the local pantomime company.
However, the young lovers move on to bigger and better things after winning a London West End theatre contract.
The Big Sick is based on the real courtship of Kumail Nanjiani and his now-wife, Emily Gordon.
Kumail's traditional Muslim family are unhappy with his relationship with Emily, an American.
When Emily is waylaid by a mysterious illness, Kumail must take charge of the crisis with her parents, Beth and Terry.
Noah Ashby (Adam DeVine) spends the perfect first night with the girl of his dreams Avery Martin (Alexandra Daddario) but gets relegated to the friend zone.
He spends the next three years wondering what went wrong - until he gets the unexpected chance to travel back in time and alter that night, and his fate, over and over again.
When ‘Lady’ Sandra Abbott (Imelda Staunton) discovers that her husband of forty years (John Sessions) is having an affair with her best friend (Josie Lawrence) she seeks refuge in London with her estranged, older sister Bif (Celia Imrie).
Sandra is a fish out of water next to her outspoken, serial dating, free spirited sibling who lives on an inner-city council estate.
But different is just what Sandra needs and she reluctantly lets Bif drag her along to a community dance class where she meets her sisters friends, Charlie (Timothy Spall), Jackie (Joanna Lumley) and Ted (David Hayman).
This colorful group of defiant and energetic third-agers start to show Sandra that retirement is in fact only the beginning, and that divorce might just give her a whole new lease of life and love.
The film revolves around Marty (Enzo Marcos) an amateur comic-book artist who sees the world around him as a vivid picture book and also sees most people he dislikes or indifferent to as monsters.
Three years ago, when he was still a high school sophomore, Marty was often picked on by a bully until Sally (Rhian Ramos), a gadget inventor, intervened and later helped Marty get revenge by humiliating the said bully in public.
The two immediately became best friends, and as time passed, Marty developed romantic feelings for his friend but such feelings remained unrequited.
Ever hesitant, Marty struggles to gather the courage to express his true feelings to Sally and drew pictures of his friend and his experiences with her in secret.
The two had adventures together frequently going to the comics store and in one occasion took pictures of sleeping people.
As Marty spent time with Sally he also learns that his friend's adoptive parents are strict and suspects that Sally is being physically abused by them.
Sometimes Sally reasons out that she is busy with a "secret project".
The two developed a systemutilizing a high-powered telescope and a code book of signals using clothes, which enabled them to interact than what Sally parents would allow.
Marty would sometimes finds Sally with a bruise with Sally often shrugging it off claiming the bruises were from accidents.
The summer after they graduated from high school, Sally and Marty decided to attend the same college together as Fine Arts students and took the entrance exams.
Marty was immediately accepted at the institution while Sally was put on the "waiting list" meaning that her admittance to the college isn't certain.
Sally remarks that her parents doesn't like her to take a course in Fine Arts anyway.
Marty got a call from a comic-book publisher, Renegade Komiks, and got an opportunity to pitch a comic storyline from the eyepatch-wearing editor Toto.
At the park at near dusk when the two are in a swing Marty yet attempts to say his true feelings for Sally and his friend is also eager to say something.
Marty urged Sally to say what she would want to say and Sally revealed that she has a boyfriend much to Marty's shock.
Marty's father confronted him with his problem and brought him to a place where men go when they are depressed which was later revealed to be a toy car racing venue.
Marty's father encouraged him that it was not too late to disclose his feelings to Sally pointing out that if he did he would be the "first in line" if Sally and her boyfriend broke up.
Marty brought some of Sally's stuff to her house.
He was greeted by Sally's parents who gave him five minutes to interact with their daughter.
Sally revealed that she was grounded after her new mobile phone bought for her by her boyfriend Nick was found out by her parents who forbids her to own a mobile phone.
Sally said that she won't be allow to take Fine Arts if she won't broke up with Nick.
Sally secretly gave Marty, Nick's contact number.
At a cafe, Marty meets up with Nick who was initially rude to him before Marty introduced himself.
Marty had an impression that Nick is a dickhead and literally sees him as a monster.
The two discussed about Sally's situation and Nick told Marty to tell Sally that he misses her so much.
At Sally's home, Marty agreed to send a letter by Sally intended for Nick.
Meanwhile, Marty presented his pitch to Renegade Komiks.
The pitch for his comic is a science fiction story about a war between alien invaders and humanity.
Toto approves of the work and asks Marty to start making drawings for the comic series and gives him another deadline.
Sally sneaks out of his house one evening and was fetched by Marty who brings her to a shopping mall.
Nick meets up with the two at the mall's cinema.
Nick, Sally, and a reluctant Marty watches a Hollywood blockbuster action film.
Nick thanks Marty the next day and gives him a ticket to a rave party.
Marty was reluctant to accept the ticket saying it wasn't his thing but Nick insists saying it was a gift.
Nick reveals that Sally is planning to sneak out of her house again, this time to make out with him.
This caused Marty to be vigilant of Sally's whereabouts during that evening but failed to intervene.
It was later found out that Sally did not became pregnant.
Stuck with his initial comic concept, Marty presented a new story to Toto which is about an astronomer who dedicates his life to a girl trapped by aliens in a prison which revolved around his own experiences with Sally, her parents, and Nick.
While initially averse to publishing a love story, Toto decides to give it a try and the comic became a hit.
Nick along with Marty goes to the rave party.
Marty got drunk, talked to a girl who says Nick's a friendly guy and sees the girl dancing with Nick.
At Nick's car, Marty who is experiencing a hangover expressed ill-feelings to Nick who viewed Marty as ungrateful.
Marty also said that the Sally was entertaining the thought of marrying Nick.
Nick said that he would marry Sally.
Nick lost contact with Marty and Sally after that incident.
Sally began to wonder where Nick is for sometime.
She sneaks out of the house again and asks Marty to buy art supplies - in reality parts for her contraptions.
The two finds out Nick dating the girl Marty met earlier across the street.
Marty tried to charge at Nick but he was stopped by Sally who prevented him from being run over by a vehicle.
The two had an argument in Marty's room and Sally found out her friend's secret drawings of her.
Marty finally admitted his feelings but Sally isn't ready to commit in a relationship.
Marty became depressed and drew grim drawings and compiled it into the "Book of Sad" and sent it to Sally.
The two grew distant from each other as they both enter college.
Sally had another boyfriend and Marty had a girlfriend.
Nevertheless, fate continued to set them up with each other until one day when Sally approached Marty and asked him to autograph her copy of the comics he wrote.
Sally says that she plans to sell the comics with his autograph when he becomes famous.
Marty agrees but says that his work is garbage anyway and that it means nothing to him now.
Sally disagrees with it and the topic of their conversation changed.
Sally reveals that she broke up with her boyfriend and Marty said that his girlfriend has emigrated to Australia.
Sally later sends a "Book of Happy", an interactive pop-out book depicting their adventures, to Marty to cheer him up.
Noticing a small reproduction of their old code book containing instructions to open the book in reverse, Marty realizes that the book also functions as a flip book, which Sally used to tell him she now reciprocates his feelings.
This rejuvenated Marty's feelings for Sally and immediately goes to her house but he overhears her parents physically beating her.
Marty knocks on the door and sees Sally with a bruise on her mouth who explains that it was caused by an accident.
Marty refuses to accept the explanation, knowing the real cause of his friend's bruise and urged Sally to run away from her abusive parents.
Sally and Marty went to her room to get her stuff but was chased by her parents as they leave the house.
Sally brings Marty to a dumpster where she reveals the "secret project" that she worked on, a hideout full of gadgets.
She decides to live there from now on.
The credits scene suggests that the two graduated from college and became a couple.
On a whim, Herbert Blake proposes a wager with Roger Fallon that he won't be able to get a kiss during the coming 48 hours from the next woman who happens to walk into the room.
Fallon takes the bet, whereupon the woman who turns up is Herbert's wife.
A story of love blooming on the battlefield.
After arranging a weapons deal over the internet, a white supremacist named Bobbo and a Jihadist name Abdul meet behind a diner.
Over the course of a magical evening they both discover they have much more in common than either of them could have possibly imagined.
Filming of Horseshoe Theory took place in Mojave, CA and Tarzana, CA over two days.
The film was shot digitally using the Red Dragon camera.
The film's poster was designed by Kari Kilpela.

